aardwolf:A nocturnal black-striped African mammal of the hyena family, feeding mainly on termites.
aaron:(in the Bible) brother of Moses and traditional founder of the Jewish priesthood.
aback:Toward or situated to the rear; back.
abacus:An oblong frame with rows of wires or grooves along which beads are slid, used for calculating.
abaft:In or behind the stern of a ship.
abalone:An edible mollusk of warm seas, with a shallow ear-shaped shell lined with mother-of-pearl and pierced with a line of respiratory holes.
abandon:Cease to support or look after (someone); desert.
abandoned:Having been deserted or cast off.
abandonment:The action or fact of abandoning or being abandoned.
abandons:Cease to support or look after (someone); desert.
abase:Behave in a way that belittles or degrades (someone)
abased:Behave in a way that belittles or degrades (someone)
abasement:The action or fact of abasing or being abased; humiliation or degradation.
abash:Make (someone) feel embarrassed, disconcerted, or ashamed.
abashed:Embarrassed, disconcerted, or ashamed.
abate:(of something perceived as hostile, threatening, or negative) become less intense or widespread.
abated:(of something unpleasant or severe) become less intense or widespread.
abatement:(often in legal use) the ending, reduction, or lessening of something.
abates:(of something unpleasant or severe) become less intense or widespread.
abattoir:A slaughterhouse.
abattoirs:A slaughterhouse.
abbess:A woman who is the head of an abbey of nuns.
abbey:The building or buildings occupied by a community of monks or nuns.
abbeys:The building or buildings occupied by a community of monks or nuns.
abbot:A man who is the head of an abbey of monks.
abbreviate:Shorten (a word, phrase, or text)
abbreviated:Shortened; cut short.
abbreviates:Shorten (a word, phrase, or text)
abbreviating:Shorten (a word, phrase, or text)
abbreviation:A shortened form of a word or phrase.
abbreviations:A shortened form of a word or phrase.
abdicate:(of a monarch) renounce one's throne.
abdicated:(of a monarch) renounce one's throne.
abdicates:(of a monarch) renounce one's throne.
abdicating:(of a monarch) renounce one's throne.
abdication:An act of abdicating or renouncing the throne.
abdomen:The part of the body of a vertebrate containing the digestive organs; the belly. In humans and other mammals, it is bounded by the diaphragm and the pelvis.
abdomens:The part of the body of a vertebrate containing the digestive and reproductive organs; the belly.
abdominal:An abdominal muscle.
abduct:Take (someone) away illegally by force or deception; kidnap.
abducted:Take (someone) away illegally by force or deception; kidnap.
abducting:Take (someone) away illegally by force or deception; kidnap.
abduction:The action or an instance of forcibly taking someone away against their will.
abductor:A person who abducts another person.
abductors:A person who abducts another person.
abducts:Take (someone) away illegally by force or deception; kidnap.
abeam:On a line at right angles to a ship's or an aircraft's length.
abel:(in the Bible) the second son of Adam and Eve, murdered by his brother Cain.
abele:The white poplar.
aberdeen:A city and seaport in northeastern Scotland, a center of the offshore North Sea oil industry; population 166,900 (est. 2009).
aberrant:Departing from an accepted standard.
aberration:A departure from what is normal, usual, or expected, typically one that is unwelcome.
aberrations:A departure from what is normal, usual, or expected, typically an unwelcome one.
abet:Encourage or assist (someone) to do something wrong, in particular, to commit a crime or other offense.
abets:Encourage or assist (someone) to do something wrong, in particular to commit a crime.
abetted:Encourage or assist (someone) to do something wrong, in particular to commit a crime.
abetting:Encourage or assist (someone) to do something wrong, in particular to commit a crime.
abeyance:A state of temporary disuse or suspension.
abhor:Regard with disgust and hatred.
abhorred:Regard with disgust and hatred.
abhorrence:A feeling of repulsion; disgusted loathing.
abhorrent:Inspiring disgust and loathing; repugnant.
abhors:Regard with disgust and hatred.
abide:Accept or act in accordance with (a rule, decision, or recommendation)
abided:Accept or act in accordance with (a rule, decision, or recommendation)
abides:Accept or act in accordance with (a rule, decision, or recommendation)
abiding:(of a feeling or memory) lasting a long time; enduring.
abidjan:The chief port of Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast), the capital 1935–83; population 4,000,000 (est. 2009).
abilities:Possession of the means or skill to do something.
ability:Possession of the means or skill to do something.
abject:(of something bad) experienced or present to the maximum degree.
abjure:Solemnly renounce (a belief, cause, or claim)
abjured:Solemnly renounce (a belief, cause, or claim)
ablate:Remove (body tissue) surgically.
ablative:A word in the ablative case.
ablaze:Burning fiercely.
able:Having the power, skill, means, or opportunity to do something.
abler:Having the power, skill, means, or opportunity to do something.
ablest:Having the power, skill, means, or opportunity to do something.
ably:Skillfully; competently.
abnegation:The act of renouncing or rejecting something.
abnormal:Deviating from what is normal or usual, typically in a way that is undesirable or worrying.
abnormalities:An abnormal feature, characteristic, or occurrence.
abnormality:An abnormal feature, characteristic, or occurrence, typically in a medical context.
aboard:On or into (a ship, aircraft, train, or other vehicle)
abode:A place of residence; a house or home.
abodes:A place of residence; a house or home.
abolish:Formally put an end to (a system, practice, or institution)
abolished:Formally put an end to (a system, practice, or institution)
abolishes:Formally put an end to (a system, practice, or institution)
abolishing:Formally put an end to (a system, practice, or institution)
abolition:The action or an act of abolishing a system, practice, or institution.
abominable:Causing moral revulsion.
abominably:Very unpleasantly or unfairly.
abominate:Detest; loathe.
abominated:Detest; loathe.
abomination:A thing that causes disgust or hatred.
abominations:A thing that causes disgust or loathing.
aboriginal:An aboriginal inhabitant of a place.
aborigines:A person, animal, or plant that has been in a country or region from earliest times.
abort:Carry out or undergo the abortion of (a fetus)
aborted:Carry out or undergo the abortion of (a fetus)
aborting:Carry out or undergo the abortion of (a fetus)
abortion:The deliberate termination of a human pregnancy, most often performed during the first 28 weeks of pregnancy.
abortionist:A person who carries out abortions (typically applied to someone not working in a hospital, or used to convey disapproval of abortion).
abortionists:A person who carries out abortions.
abortions:The deliberate termination of a human pregnancy, most often performed during the first 28 weeks of pregnancy.
abortive:Failing to produce the intended result.
aborts:Carry out or undergo the abortion of (a fetus)
abound:Exist in large numbers or amounts.
abounded:Exist in large numbers or amounts.
abounding:Very plentiful; abundant.
abounds:Exist in large numbers or amounts.
about:On the subject of; concerning.
above:In extended space over and not touching.
abraded:Scrape or wear away by friction or erosion.
abraham:(in the Bible) the Hebrew patriarch from whom all Jewish people trace their descent.
abrasion:The process of scraping or wearing something away.
abrasive:A substance used for grinding, polishing, or cleaning a hard surface.
abrasives:A substance used for grinding, polishing, or cleaning a hard surface.
abreast:Side by side and facing the same way.
abridge:Shorten (a piece of writing) without losing the sense.
abridged:(of a piece of writing) having been shortened.
abridgement:The action of abridging a text.
abridging:Shorten (a piece of writing) without losing the sense.
abroad:In or to a foreign country or countries.
abrogate:Repeal or do away with (a law, right, or formal agreement)
abrogated:Repeal or do away with (a law, right, or formal agreement)
abrogating:Repeal or do away with (a law, right, or formal agreement)
abrogation:The repeal or abolition of a law, right, or agreement.
abrogations:The repeal or abolition of a law, right, or agreement.
abrupt:Sudden and unexpected.
abruptly:Suddenly and unexpectedly.
abscess:A swollen area within body tissue, containing an accumulation of pus.
abscesses:A swollen area within body tissue, containing an accumulation of pus.
abscissa:(in a system of coordinates) the x-coordinate, the distance from a point to the vertical or y-axis measured parallel to the horizontal or x-axis.
abscissae:(in a system of coordinates) the distance from a point to the vertical or y-axis, measured parallel to the horizontal or x-axis; the x-coordinate.
abscissas:(in a system of coordinates) the distance from a point to the vertical or y-axis, measured parallel to the horizontal or x-axis; the x-coordinate.
abscond:Leave hurriedly and secretly, typically to avoid detection of or arrest for an unlawful action such as theft.
absconded:Leave hurriedly and secretly, typically to escape from custody or avoid arrest.
absconding:Leave hurriedly and secretly, typically to escape from custody or avoid arrest.
absconds:Leave hurriedly and secretly, typically to escape from custody or avoid arrest.
abseil:Descend a rock face or other near-vertical surface by using a doubled rope coiled round the body and fixed at a higher point; rappel.
abseiled:Descend a rock face or other near-vertical surface by using a doubled rope coiled round the body and fixed at a higher point.
abseiling:The sport or activity of descending a rock face or other near-vertical surface by using a doubled rope coiled round the body and fixed at a higher point.
abseils:Descend a rock face or other near-vertical surface by using a doubled rope coiled round the body and fixed at a higher point.
absence:The state of being away from a place or person.
absences:The state of being away from a place or person.
absent:Go away or remain away.
absented:Go away or remain away.
absenting:Go away or remain away.
absently:In an absentminded way; vaguely.
absentminded:(of a person or a person's behavior or manner) having or showing a habitually forgetful or inattentive disposition.
absolute:A value or principle which is regarded as universally valid or which may be viewed without relation to other things.
absolutely:With no qualification, restriction, or limitation; totally.
absolutes:A value or principle which is regarded as universally valid or which may be viewed without relation to other things.
absolution:Formal release from guilt, obligation, or punishment.
absolve:Set or declare (someone) free from blame, guilt, or responsibility.
absolved:Declare (someone) free from guilt, obligation, or punishment.
absolves:Declare (someone) free from guilt, obligation, or punishment.
absolving:Declare (someone) free from guilt, obligation, or punishment.
absorb:Take in or soak up (energy or a liquid or other substance) by chemical or physical action.
absorbed:(of energy or a liquid or other substance) taken in or soaked up.
absorbent:A substance or item that soaks up liquid easily.
absorbing:Intensely interesting; engrossing.
absorbs:Take in or soak up (energy or a liquid or other substance) by chemical or physical action.
absorption:The process or action by which one thing absorbs or is absorbed by another.
absorptivity:The degree to which something absorbs energy, a liquid, or another substance.
abstain:Restrain oneself from doing or enjoying something.
abstained:Restrain oneself from doing or enjoying something.
abstaining:Restrain oneself from doing or enjoying something.
abstains:Restrain oneself from doing or enjoying something.
abstemious:Not self-indulgent, especially when eating and drinking.
abstention:An instance of declining to vote for or against a proposal or motion.
abstentions:An instance of declining to vote for or against a proposal or motion.
abstinence:The fact or practice of restraining oneself from indulging in something, typically alcohol.
abstract:Consider (something) theoretically or separately from something else.
abstracted:Showing a lack of concentration on what is happening around one.
abstracting:Consider something theoretically or separately from (something else)
abstraction:The quality of dealing with ideas rather than events.
abstracts:Consider something theoretically or separately from (something else)
abstruse:Difficult to understand; obscure.
absurd:Wildly unreasonable, illogical, or inappropriate.
absurder:An absurd state of affairs.
absurdest:An absurd state of affairs.
absurdist:A writer or artist who deals with absurdist themes.
absurdities:The quality or state of being ridiculous or wildly unreasonable.
absurdity:The quality or state of being ridiculous or wildly unreasonable.
absurdly:In an absurd way; ridiculously.
abundance:A very large quantity of something.
abundances:A very large quantity of something.
abundant:Existing or available in large quantities; plentiful.
abundantly:In large quantities; plentifully.
abuse:Use (something) to bad effect or for a bad purpose; misuse.
abused:(of a person or animal) treated with cruelty or violence, especially regularly or repeatedly.
abusers:A person who uses something to bad effect or for a bad purpose.
abuses:Use (something) to bad effect or for a bad purpose; misuse.
abusing:Use (something) to bad effect or for a bad purpose; misuse.
abusive:Extremely offensive and insulting.
abut:(of an area of land or a building) be next to or have a common boundary with.
abutted:(of a building or an area of land) be next to or have a common boundary with.
abutting:(of a building or an area of land) be next to or have a common boundary with.
abuzz:Filled with a continuous humming sound.
abysmal:Extremely bad; appalling.
abysmally:In an extremely bad way; appallingly.
abyss:A deep or seemingly bottomless chasm.
abysses:A deep or seemingly bottomless chasm.
acacia:A tree or shrub of warm climates that bears spikes or clusters of yellow or white flowers and is frequently thorny.
academic:A teacher or scholar in a college or institute of higher education.
academical:Formal university attire.
academically:In a way that relates to education and scholarship.
academics:A teacher or scholar in a university or other institute of higher education.
academies:A place of study or training in a special field.
academy:A place of study or training in a special field.
acanthus:A herbaceous plant or shrub with bold flower spikes and spiny decorative leaves, native to Mediterranean regions.
acapulco:A port and resort in southern Mexico, on the Pacific coast; population 616,384 (2005). Full name Acapulco de Juárez.
accede:Agree to a demand, request, or treaty.
acceded:Agree to a demand, request, or treaty.
acceding:Agree to a demand, request, or treaty.
accelerate:(of a vehicle or other physical object) begin to move more quickly.
accelerated:(especially of a vehicle) begin to move more quickly.
accelerates:(especially of a vehicle) begin to move more quickly.
accelerating:(especially of a vehicle) begin to move more quickly.
acceleration:A vehicle's capacity to gain speed within a short time.
accelerometer:An instrument for measuring acceleration, typically that of an automobile, ship, aircraft, or spacecraft, or that involved in the vibration of a machine, building, or other structure.
accelerometers:An instrument for measuring the acceleration of a moving or vibrating body.
accent:Emphasize (a particular feature)
accented:Spoken with or characterized by a particular accent.
accenting:Emphasize (a particular feature)
accents:Emphasize (a particular feature)
accentuate:Make more noticeable or prominent.
accentuated:Make more noticeable or prominent.
accentuates:Make more noticeable or prominent.
accentuating:Make more noticeable or prominent.
accept:Consent to receive (a thing offered)
acceptable:Able to be agreed on; suitable.
acceptance:The action of consenting to receive or undertake something offered.
acceptances:The action of consenting to receive or undertake something offered.
accepted:Generally believed or recognized to be valid or correct.
accepting:Consent to receive or undertake (something offered)
accepts:Consent to receive or undertake (something offered)
access:Approach or enter (a place)
accessed:Approach or enter (a place)
accesses:Approach or enter (a place)
accessibility:The quality of being able to be reached or entered.
accessible:(of a place) able to be reached or entered.
accessing:Approach or enter (a place)
accession:Record the addition of (a new item) to a library, museum, or other collection.
accessions:Record the addition of (a new item) to a library, museum, or other collection.
accessories:A thing which can be added to something else in order to make it more useful, versatile, or attractive.
accessory:A thing which can be added to something else in order to make it more useful, versatile, or attractive.
accident:An unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury.
accidental:A sign indicating a momentary departure from the key signature by raising or lowering a note.
accidentally:By chance; inadvertently.
accidents:An unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury.
acclaim:Praise enthusiastically and publicly.
acclaimed:Publicly praised; celebrated.
acclaims:Praise enthusiastically and publicly.
acclamation:Loud and enthusiastic approval, typically to welcome or honor someone or something.
acclamations:Loud and enthusiastic approval.
acclimatisation:The process or result of becoming accustomed to a new climate or to new conditions.
acclimatise:Become accustomed to a new climate or new conditions; adjust.
acclimatised:Become accustomed to a new climate or new conditions; adjust.
acclimatising:Become accustomed to a new climate or new conditions; adjust.
accolade:An award or privilege granted as a special honor or as an acknowledgment of merit.
accolades:An award or privilege granted as a special honour or as an acknowledgement of merit.
accommodate:(of physical space, especially a building) provide lodging or sufficient space for.
accommodated:(of a building or other area) provide lodging or sufficient space for.
accommodates:(of a building or other area) provide lodging or sufficient space for.
accommodating:Willing to fit in with someone's wishes or needs.
accommodation:Temporary lodgings, sometimes also including board.
accommodations:A room, group of rooms, or building in which someone may live or stay.
accompanied:Go somewhere with (someone) as a companion or escort.
accompanies:Go somewhere with (someone) as a companion or escort.
accompaniment:A musical part that supports or partners a solo instrument, voice, or group.
accompaniments:A musical part which supports or partners an instrument, voice, or group.
accompany:Go somewhere with (someone) as a companion or escort.
accompanying:Provided or occurring at the same time as something else.
accomplice:A person who helps another commit a crime.
accomplices:A person who helps another commit a crime.
accomplish:Achieve or complete successfully.
accomplished:Highly trained or skilled.
accomplishes:Achieve or complete successfully.
accomplishing:Achieve or complete successfully.
accomplishment:Something that has been achieved successfully.
accomplishments:Something that has been achieved successfully.
accord:Give or grant someone (power, status, or recognition)
accordance:Conformity or agreement.
accorded:Give or grant someone (power, status, or recognition)
according:As stated by or in.
accordingly:In a way that is appropriate to the particular circumstances.
accords:Give or grant someone (power, status, or recognition)
accost:Approach and address (someone) boldly or aggressively.
accosted:Approach and address (someone) boldly or aggressively.
accosting:Approach and address (someone) boldly or aggressively.
accosts:Approach and address (someone) boldly or aggressively.
account:Consider or regard in a specified way.
accountability:The fact or condition of being accountable; responsibility.
accountable:(of a person, organization, or institution) required or expected to justify actions or decisions; responsible.
accountancy:The profession or duties of an accountant.
accounted:Consider or regard in a specified way.
accounting:The action or process of keeping financial accounts.
accounts:Consider or regard in a specified way.
accra:The capital of Ghana, a port on the Gulf of Guinea; population 1,970,400 (est. 2005).
accredit:Give credit to (someone) for something.
accredited:(of a person, organization, or course of study) officially recognized or authorized.
accrediting:Give credit to (someone) for something.
accredits:Give credit to (someone) for something.
accreted:Grow by accumulation or coalescence.
accretion:The process of growth or increase, typically by the gradual accumulation of additional layers or matter.
accrual:The accumulation or increase of something over time, especially payments or benefits.
accrue:(of sums of money or benefits) be received by someone in regular or increasing amounts over time.
accrued:(of a benefit or sum of money) received or accumulated in regular or increasing amounts over time.
accrues:(of a benefit or sum of money) be received by someone in regular or increasing amounts over time.
accruing:(of a benefit or sum of money) be received by someone in regular or increasing amounts over time.
accumulate:Gather together or acquire an increasing number or quantity of.
accumulated:Gather together or acquire an increasing number or quantity of.
accumulates:Gather together or acquire an increasing number or quantity of.
accumulating:Gather together or acquire an increasing number or quantity of.
accumulation:The acquisition or gradual gathering of something.
accuracy:The quality or state of being correct or precise.
accurate:(of information, measurements, statistics, etc.) correct in all details; exact.
accurately:In a way that is correct in all details; exactly.
accursed:Under a curse.
accusation:A charge or claim that someone has done something illegal or wrong.
accusations:A charge or claim that someone has done something illegal or wrong.
accusative:A word in the accusative case.
accuse:Charge (someone) with an offense or crime.
accused:A person or group of people who are charged with or on trial for a crime.
accusers:A person who claims that someone has committed an offence or done something wrong.
accuses:Charge (someone) with an offence or crime.
accusing:(of an expression, gesture, or tone of voice) indicating a belief in someone's guilt or culpability.
accustom:Make (someone or something) accept something as normal or usual.
accustomed:Customary; usual.
accustoming:Make someone or something accept (something) as normal or usual.
ace:(in tennis and similar games) serve an ace against (an opponent).
aced:(in tennis and similar games) serve an ace against (an opponent)
acentric:Without a centre; not centralized.
acerbic:(especially of a comment or style of speaking) sharp and forthright.
acers:A Eurasian or North American deciduous tree or shrub of a genus which includes the maples and the European sycamore.
aces:(in tennis and similar games) serve an ace against (an opponent)
acetal:An organic compound formed by the condensation of two alcohol molecules with an aldehyde molecule.
acetate:A salt or ester of acetic acid, containing the anion CH₃COO⁻ or the group —OCCH₃.
acetates:A salt or ester of acetic acid, containing the anion CH₃COO⁻ or the group —OOCCH₃.
acetone:A colorless volatile liquid ketone made by oxidizing isopropanol, used as an organic solvent and synthetic reagent.
acetylene:A colorless pungent-smelling hydrocarbon gas, which burns with a bright flame, used in welding and formerly in lighting.
ache:A continuous or prolonged dull pain in a part of one's body.
ached:Suffer from a continuous dull pain.
aches:Suffer from a continuous dull pain.
achieve:Successfully bring about or reach (a desired objective, level, or result) by effort, skill, or courage.
achieved:Successfully bring about or reach (a desired objective or result) by effort, skill, or courage.
achievement:A thing done successfully, typically by effort, courage, or skill.
achievements:A thing done successfully with effort, skill, or courage.
achiever:A person who achieves a high or specified level of success.
achievers:A person who achieves a high or specified level of success.
achieves:Successfully bring about or reach (a desired objective or result) by effort, skill, or courage.
achieving:Successfully bring about or reach (a desired objective or result) by effort, skill, or courage.
aching:Sore; throbbing with pain.
achy:Suffering from continuous dull pain.
acid:A chemical substance that neutralizes alkalis, dissolves some metals, and turns litmus red; typically, a corrosive or sour-tasting liquid of this kind.
acidification:The action or process of making or becoming acidic.
acidly:With bitterness or sarcasm.
acids:A substance with particular chemical properties including turning litmus red, neutralizing alkalis, and dissolving some metals; typically, a corrosive or sour-tasting liquid of this kind.
acknowledge:Accept or admit the existence or truth of.
acknowledged:Recognized as being good or important.
acknowledgement:Acceptance of the truth or existence of something.
acknowledgements:Acceptance of the truth or existence of something.
acknowledges:Accept or admit the existence or truth of.
acknowledging:Accept or admit the existence or truth of.
acknowledgment:Acceptance of the truth or existence of something.
acknowledgments:Acceptance of the truth or existence of something.
acme:The point at which someone or something is best, perfect, or most successful.
acne:The occurrence of inflamed or infected sebaceous glands in the skin; in particular, a condition characterized by red pimples on the face, prevalent chiefly among teenagers.
acolyte:A person assisting the celebrant in a religious service or procession.
acolytes:A person assisting a priest in a religious service or procession.
aconite:A poisonous plant of the buttercup family, which bears hooded pink or purple flowers. It is native to temperate regions of the northern hemisphere.
acorn:The fruit of the oak tree, a smooth oval nut in a rough cup-shaped base.
acorns:The fruit of the oak tree, a smooth oval nut in a rough cup-shaped base.
acquaint:Make someone aware of or familiar with.
acquaintance:A person's knowledge or experience of something.
acquaintances:Knowledge or experience of something.
acquainted:Make someone aware of or familiar with.
acquainting:Make someone aware of or familiar with.
acquaints:Make someone aware of or familiar with.
acquiesce:Accept something reluctantly but without protest.
acquiesced:Accept something reluctantly but without protest.
acquiescence:The reluctant acceptance of something without protest.
acquiescent:Ready to accept something without protest, or to do what someone else wants.
acquiescing:Accept something reluctantly but without protest.
acquire:Buy or obtain (an asset or object) for oneself.
acquired:Buy or obtain (an asset or object) for oneself.
acquires:Buy or obtain (an asset or object) for oneself.
acquiring:Buy or obtain (an asset or object) for oneself.
acquisition:An asset or object bought or obtained, typically by a library or museum.
acquisitions:An asset or object bought or obtained, typically by a library or museum.
acquisitive:Excessively interested in acquiring money or material things.
acquisitiveness:Excessive interest in acquiring money or material things.
acquit:Free (someone) from a criminal charge by a verdict of not guilty.
acquits:Free (someone) from a criminal charge by a verdict of not guilty.
acquittal:A judgment that a person is not guilty of the crime with which the person has been charged.
acquittals:A judgement or verdict that a person is not guilty of the crime with which they have been charged.
acquitted:Free (someone) from a criminal charge by a verdict of not guilty.
acquitting:Free (someone) from a criminal charge by a verdict of not guilty.
acre:A unit of land area equal to 4,840 square yards (0.405 hectare)
acres:A unit of land area equal to 4,840 square yards (0.405 hectare)
acrid:Having an irritatingly strong and unpleasant taste or smell.
acrimonious:(typically of speech or a debate) angry and bitter.
acrimony:Bitterness or ill feeling.
acrobat:An entertainer who performs spectacular gymnastic feats.
acrobatic:Performing, involving, or adept at spectacular gymnastic feats.
acrobatics:Spectacular gymnastic feats.
acrobats:An entertainer who performs spectacular gymnastic feats.
acronym:An abbreviation formed from the initial letters of other words and pronounced as a word (e.g. ASCII, NASA).
acronyms:An abbreviation formed from the initial letters of other words and pronounced as a word (e.g. ASCII, NASA).
across:From one side to the other of (a place, area, etc.)
act:Take action; do something.
acted:Take action; do something.
acting:The art or occupation of performing in plays, movies, or television productions.
actinides:Any of the series of fifteen metallic elements from actinium (atomic number 89) to lawrencium (atomic number 103) in the periodic table. They are all radioactive, the heavier members being extremely unstable and not of natural occurrence.
action:The fact or process of doing something, typically to achieve an aim.
actions:Take action on; deal with.
activate:Make (something) active or operative.
activated:Make (something) active or operative.
activates:Make (something) active or operative.
activating:Make (something) active or operative.
active:An active form of a verb.
actives:An active form of a verb.
activist:A person who campaigns to bring about political or social change.
activists:A person who campaigns to bring about political or social change.
activities:The condition in which things are happening or being done.
activity:The condition in which things are happening or being done.
actor:A person whose profession is acting on the stage, in movies, or on television.
actors:A person whose profession is acting on the stage, in films, or on television.
actress:A woman whose profession is acting on the stage, in movies, or on television.
actresses:A woman whose profession is acting on stage, in films, or on television.
acts:Take action; do something.
actual:Existing in fact; typically as contrasted with what was intended, expected, or believed.
actuality:Actual existence, typically as contrasted with what was intended, expected, or believed.
actually:As the truth or facts of a situation; really.
actuarial:Relating to actuaries or their work of compiling and analyzing statistics to calculate insurance risks and premiums.
actuate:Cause (a machine or device) to operate.
actuated:Cause (a machine or device) to operate.
actuates:Cause (a machine or device) to operate.
actuating:Cause (a machine or device) to operate.
actuator:A device that causes a machine or other device to operate.
actuators:A device that causes a machine or other device to operate.
acumen:The ability to make good judgments and quick decisions, typically in a particular domain.
acupuncture:A system of integrative medicine that involves pricking the skin or tissues with needles, used to alleviate pain and to treat various physical, mental, and emotional conditions. Originating in ancient China, acupuncture is now widely practiced in the West.
acupuncturist:A person who practices acupuncture.
acupuncturists:A person who practises acupuncture.
acute:short for acute accent
acutely:(with reference to something unpleasant or unwelcome) intensely.
acutest:short for acute accent
acyclic:Not displaying or forming part of a cycle.
adage:A proverb or short statement expressing a general truth.
adages:A proverb or short statement expressing a general truth.
adagio:(especially as a direction) in slow tempo.
adam:(in the biblical and Koranic traditions) the first man. According to the Book of Genesis, Adam was created by God as the progenitor of the human race and lived with Eve in the Garden of Eden.
adamant:A legendary rock or mineral to which many, often contradictory, properties were attributed, formerly associated with diamond or lodestone.
adapt:Make (something) suitable for a new use or purpose; modify.
adaptable:Able to adjust to new conditions.
adaptation:The action or process of adapting or being adapted.
adaptations:The action or process of adapting or being adapted.
adapted:Make (something) suitable for a new use or purpose; modify.
adapter:A device for connecting pieces of equipment that cannot be connected directly.
adapting:Make (something) suitable for a new use or purpose; modify.
adapts:Make (something) suitable for a new use or purpose; modify.
add:Join (something) to something else so as to increase the size, number, or amount.
added:Denoting an increased or enhancing quality or factor.
addenda:An item of additional material added at the end of a book or document, typically in order to correct, clarify, or supplement something.
addendum:An item of additional material added at the end of a book or document, typically in order to correct, clarify, or supplement something.
adder:A small venomous Eurasian snake that has a dark zigzag pattern on its back and bears live young.
adders:A small venomous Eurasian snake which has a dark zigzag pattern on its back and bears live young. It is the only poisonous snake in Britain.
addict:A person who is addicted to a particular substance, typically an illegal drug.
addicted:Physically and mentally dependent on a particular substance, and unable to stop taking it without incurring adverse effects.
addiction:The fact or condition of being addicted to a particular substance, thing, or activity.
addictions:The fact or condition of being addicted to a particular substance or activity.
addictive:(of a substance or activity) causing or likely to cause someone to become addicted.
addicts:A person who is addicted to a particular substance, typically an illegal drug.
adding:Join (something) to something else so as to increase the size, number, or amount.
addition:The action or process of adding something to something else.
additional:Added, extra, or supplementary to what is already present or available.
additionally:As an extra factor or circumstance.
additive:A substance added to something in small quantities to improve or preserve it.
additively:In an additive manner; by addition.
additives:A substance added to something in small quantities to improve or preserve it.
addled:Unable to think clearly; confused.
address:Write the name and address of the intended recipient on (an envelope, letter, or package)
addressability:The property or quality of being addressable; specifically the ability to direct a signal or information to individual users.
addressable:Relating to or denoting a memory unit in which all locations can be separately accessed by a particular program.
addressed:(of an envelope or parcel) bearing the name and address of the intended recipient.
addressee:The person to whom something, typically a letter, is addressed.
addresses:Write the name and address of the intended recipient on (an envelope, letter, or parcel)
addressing:Write the name and address of the intended recipient on (an envelope, letter, or parcel)
adds:Join (something) to something else so as to increase the size, number, or amount.
adduce:Cite as evidence.
adduced:Cite as evidence.
adduces:Cite as evidence.
adducing:Cite as evidence.
adelaide:A city in southern Australia, the capital and chief port of the state of South Australia; population 1,172,105 (2008).
aden:A port in Yemen at the mouth of the Red Sea; population 588,900 (est. 2004). Formerly under British rule, first as part of British India from 1839 and then from 1935 as a Crown Colony, it was capital of former South Yemen 1967–90.
adenine:A compound which is one of the four constituent bases of nucleic acids. A purine derivative, it is paired with thymine in double-stranded DNA.
adenoma:A benign tumor formed from glandular structures in epithelial tissue.
adenomas:A benign tumour formed from glandular structures in epithelial tissue.
adept:A person who is skilled or proficient at something.
adepts:A person who is skilled or proficient at something.
adequacy:The state or quality of being adequate.
adequate:Satisfactory or acceptable in quality or quantity.
adhere:Stick fast to (a surface or substance)
adhered:Stick fast to (a surface or substance)
adherence:Attachment or commitment to a person, cause, or belief.
adherent:Someone who supports a particular party, person, or set of ideas.
adherents:Someone who supports a particular party, person, or set of ideas.
adherer:A person who adheres to a person or thing; an adherent.
adheres:Stick fast to (a surface or substance)
adhering:Stick fast to (a surface or substance)
adhesion:The action or process of adhering to a surface or object.
adhesions:The action or process of adhering to a surface or object.
adhesive:A substance used for sticking objects or materials together; glue.
adhesives:A substance used for sticking objects or materials together; glue.
adiabatic:A curve or formula representing adiabatic phenomena.
adieu:A goodbye.
adieus:A goodbye.
adieux:A goodbye.
adios:Goodbye.
adjacent:Next to or adjoining something else.
adjacently:So as to be adjacent; contiguously.
adjectival:Relating to or functioning as an adjective.
adjective:A word or phrase naming an attribute, added to or grammatically related to a noun to modify or describe it.
adjectives:A word naming an attribute of a noun, such as sweet, red, or technical.
adjoin:Be next to and joined with (a building, room, or piece of land)
adjoined:Be next to and joined with (a building, room, or piece of land)
adjoining:(of a building, room, or piece of land) next to or joined with.
adjoins:Be next to and joined with (a building, room, or piece of land)
adjourn:Break off (a meeting, legal case, or game) with the intention of resuming it later.
adjourned:Break off (a meeting, legal case, or game) with the intention of resuming it later.
adjourning:Break off (a meeting, legal case, or game) with the intention of resuming it later.
adjournment:An act or period of adjourning or being adjourned.
adjourns:Break off (a meeting, legal case, or game) with the intention of resuming it later.
adjudge:Consider or declare to be true or the case.
adjudged:Consider or declare to be true or the case.
adjudges:Consider or declare to be true or the case.
adjudicate:Make a formal judgment or decision about a problem or disputed matter.
adjudicated:Make a formal judgement on a disputed matter.
adjudicates:Make a formal judgement on a disputed matter.
adjudicating:Make a formal judgement on a disputed matter.
adjudication:The action or process of adjudicating.
adjudications:The action or process of adjudicating.
adjudicator:A person who adjudicates.
adjudicators:A person who adjudicates.
adjunct:A thing added to something else as a supplementary rather than an essential part.
adjuncts:A thing added to something else as a supplementary rather than an essential part.
adjure:Urge or request (someone) solemnly or earnestly to do something.
adjust:Alter or move (something) slightly in order to achieve the desired fit, appearance, or result.
adjustable:Able to be adjusted.
adjusted:Alter or move (something) slightly in order to achieve the desired fit, appearance, or result.
adjusting:Alter or move (something) slightly in order to achieve the desired fit, appearance, or result.
adjustment:A small alteration or movement made to achieve a desired fit, appearance, or result.
adjustments:A small alteration or movement made to achieve a desired fit, appearance, or result.
adjusts:Alter or move (something) slightly in order to achieve the desired fit, appearance, or result.
adman:A person who works in advertising.
admen:A person who works in advertising.
admin:The administration of a business, organization, etc.
administer:Manage and be responsible for the running of (a business, organization, etc.)
administered:Manage and be responsible for the running of (a business, organization, etc.)
administering:Manage and be responsible for the running of (a business, organization, etc.)
administers:Manage and be responsible for the running of (a business, organization, etc.)
administration:The process or activity of running a business, organization, etc.
administrations:The process or activity of running a business, organization, etc.
administrative:Relating to the running of a business, organization, etc.
administratively:In a way that relates to the running of a business, organization, etc.
administrator:A person responsible for running a business, organization, etc.
administrators:A person responsible for carrying out the administration of a business or organization.
admirable:Arousing or deserving respect and approval.
admiral:A commander of a fleet or naval squadron, or a naval officer of very high rank.
admirals:The most senior commander of a fleet or navy.
admiration:Respect and warm approval.
admire:Regard (an object, quality, or person) with respect or warm approval.
admired:Regard with respect or warm approval.
admirer:A person who has a particular regard for someone or something.
admirers:A person who has a particular regard for someone or something.
admires:Regard with respect or warm approval.
admiring:Characterized by or expressive of admiration or warm approval.
admissible:Acceptable or valid, especially as evidence in a court of law.
admission:A statement acknowledging the truth of something.
admissions:A statement acknowledging the truth of something.
admit:Confess to be true or to be the case, typically with reluctance.
admits:Confess to be true or to be the case.
admittance:The process or fact of entering or being allowed to enter a place or institution.
admitted:Confess to be true or to be the case.
admitting:Confess to be true or to be the case.
admonish:Warn or reprimand someone firmly.
admonished:Warn or reprimand someone firmly.
admonishes:Warn or reprimand someone firmly.
admonishing:Warn or reprimand someone firmly.
admonition:An act or action of admonishing; authoritative counsel or warning.
admonitions:A firm warning or reprimand.
ado:A state of agitation or fuss, especially about something unimportant.
adolescence:The period following the onset of puberty during which a young person develops from a child into an adult.
adolescent:An adolescent boy or girl.
adolescents:An adolescent boy or girl.
adopt:Legally take (another's child) and bring it up as one's own.
adopted:Legally take (another's child) and bring it up as one's own.
adopter:A person who legally takes another's child and brings it up as their own.
adopting:Legally take (another's child) and bring it up as one's own.
adoption:The action or fact of legally taking another's child and bringing it up as one's own, or the fact of being adopted.
adoptions:The action or fact of legally taking another's child and bringing it up as one's own, or the fact of being adopted.
adoptive:As a result of the adoption of another's child.
adopts:Legally take (another's child) and bring it up as one's own.
adorable:Inspiring great affection; delightful; charming.
adorably:In a way that inspires great affection; delightfully or charmingly.
adoration:Deep love and respect.
adore:Love and respect (someone) deeply.
adored:Love and respect (someone) deeply.
adores:Love and respect (someone) deeply.
adoring:Feeling or expressing deep affection, love, or admiration.
adorn:Make more beautiful or attractive.
adorned:Make more beautiful or attractive.
adorning:Make more beautiful or attractive.
adornment:A thing which adorns or decorates; an ornament.
adornments:A thing which adorns or decorates; an ornament.
adorns:Make more beautiful or attractive.
adrenal:An adrenal gland.
adrift:So as to float without being either moored or steered.
adroit:Clever or skillful in using the hands or mind.
adroitness:Cleverness or skill.
adsorb:(of a solid) hold (molecules of a gas or liquid or solute) as a thin film on the outside surface or on internal surfaces within the material.
adsorbed:(of a solid) hold (molecules of a gas or liquid or solute) as a thin film on the outside surface or on internal surfaces within the material.
adsorption:The process by which a solid holds molecules of a gas or liquid or solute as a thin film.
adulation:Obsequious flattery; excessive admiration or praise.
adulatory:Excessively praising or admiring.
adult:A person who is fully grown or developed.
adulterate:Render (something) poorer in quality by adding another substance, typically an inferior one.
adulterated:Render (something) poorer in quality by adding another substance.
adulterates:Render (something) poorer in quality by adding another substance.
adulterating:Render (something) poorer in quality by adding another substance.
adulteration:The action of making something poorer in quality by the addition of another substance.
adulterers:A person who commits adultery.
adulteress:A woman who commits adultery.
adulteresses:A woman who commits adultery.
adulterous:Of or involving adultery.
adultery:Voluntary sexual intercourse between a married person and a person who is not his or her spouse.
adults:Behave in a way characteristic of a responsible adult, especially by accomplishing mundane but necessary tasks.
advance:Move forward in a purposeful way.
advanced:Modern and recently developed.
advancement:The process of promoting a cause or plan.
advancements:The process of promoting a cause or plan.
advances:Move forwards in a purposeful way.
advancing:Move forwards in a purposeful way.
advantage:Put in a favorable or more favorable position.
advantaged:Having a comparatively favorable position in terms of economic or social circumstances.
advantageous:Involving or creating favorable circumstances that increase the chances of success or effectiveness; beneficial.
advantages:Put in a favourable or superior position.
advent:The arrival of a notable person, thing, or event.
advents:The arrival of a notable person or thing.
adventure:An unusual and exciting, typically hazardous, experience or activity.
adventured:Engage in daring or risky activity.
adventurer:A person who enjoys or seeks adventure.
adventurers:A person who enjoys or seeks adventure.
adventures:Engage in daring or risky activity.
adventuring:Engage in daring or risky activity.
adventurism:The willingness to take risks in business or politics (especially in the context of foreign policy); actions, tactics, or attitudes regarded as daring or reckless.
adventurous:Willing to take risks or to try out new methods, ideas, or experiences.
adverb:A word or phrase that modifies or qualifies an adjective, verb, or other adverb or a word group, expressing a relation of place, time, circumstance, manner, cause, degree, etc. (e.g., gently, quite, then, there).
adverbial:A word or phrase functioning like an adverb.
adverbs:A word or phrase that modifies or qualifies an adjective, verb, or other adverb or a word group, expressing a relation of place, time, circumstance, manner, cause, degree, etc. (e.g., gently, quite, then, there).
adversaries:One's opponent in a contest, conflict, or dispute.
adversary:One's opponent in a contest, conflict, or dispute.
adverse:Preventing success or development; harmful; unfavorable.
adversely:In a way that prevents success or development; harmfully or unfavorably.
adversities:A difficult or unpleasant situation.
adversity:Difficulties; misfortune.
advert:An advertisement.
advertise:Describe or draw attention to (a product, service, or event) in a public medium in order to promote sales or attendance.
advertised:Describe or draw attention to (a product, service, or event) in a public medium in order to promote sales or attendance.
advertisement:A notice or announcement in a public medium promoting a product, service, or event or publicizing a job vacancy.
advertisements:A notice or announcement in a public medium promoting a product, service, or event or publicizing a job vacancy.
advertises:Describe or draw attention to (a product, service, or event) in a public medium in order to promote sales or attendance.
advertising:The activity or profession of producing advertisements for commercial products or services.
advice:Guidance or recommendations offered with regard to prudent future action.
advices:Guidance or recommendations offered with regard to prudent future action.
advisability:The quality of being advisable or sensible; wisdom.
advisable:(of a course of action) to be recommended; sensible.
advise:Offer suggestions about the best course of action to someone.
advised:Behaving as someone, especially the speaker, would recommend; sensible; wise.
adviser:A person who gives advice in a particular field.
advisers:A person who gives advice in a particular field.
advises:Offer suggestions about the best course of action to someone.
advising:Offer suggestions about the best course of action to someone.
advisory:An official announcement, typically a warning about bad weather conditions.
advocacy:Public support for or recommendation of a particular cause or policy.
advocate:Publicly recommend or support.
advocated:Publicly recommend or support.
advocates:Publicly recommend or support.
advocating:Publicly recommend or support.
adze:A tool similar to an axe, with an arched blade at right angles to the handle, used for cutting or shaping large pieces of wood.
aegean:The Aegean Sea or its region.
aegis:The protection, backing, or support of a particular person or organization.
aeolian:Relating to or arising from the action of the wind.
aeon:An indefinite and very long period of time.
aeons:An indefinite and very long period of time.
aerated:(of a liquid) made effervescent by being charged with carbon dioxide or some other gas.
aeration:The introduction of air into a material.
aerial:another term for antenna (sense 2)
aerobe:A microorganism which grows in the presence of air or requires oxygen for growth.
aerobes:A microorganism which grows in the presence of air or requires oxygen for growth.
aerobraking:Cause a spacecraft to slow down by flying through a planet's rarefied atmosphere to produce aerodynamic drag.
aerofoil:A structure with curved surfaces designed to give the most favorable ratio of lift to drag in flight, used as the basic form of the wings, fins, and horizontal stabilizer of most aircraft; an airfoil.
aerofoils:A structure with curved surfaces designed to give the most favourable ratio of lift to drag in flight, used as the basic form of the wings, fins, and tailplanes of most aircraft.
aeroplane:A powered flying vehicle with fixed wings and a weight greater than that of the air it displaces; an airplane.
aerospace:The branch of technology and industry concerned with both aviation and space flight.
aesop:(6th century BC), Greek storyteller. The moral animal fables associated with Aesop were probably collected from many sources and initially communicated orally.
aesthetic:A set of principles underlying and guiding the work of a particular artist or artistic movement.
aesthetically:In a way that gives pleasure through beauty.
afar:At or to a distance.
affability:The quality of having a friendly and good-natured manner.
affable:Friendly, good-natured, or easy to talk to.
affair:An event or sequence of events of a specified kind or that has previously been referred to.
affairs:An event or sequence of events of a specified kind or that has previously been referred to.
affect:Have an effect on; make a difference to.
affectation:Behavior, speech, or writing that is artificial and designed to impress.
affectations:Behaviour, speech, or writing that is pretentious and designed to impress.
affected:Influenced or touched by an external factor.
affectedly:In a way that is artificial, pretentious, and designed to impress.
affecting:Touching the emotions; moving.
affection:A gentle feeling of fondness or liking.
affectionate:Readily feeling or showing fondness or tenderness.
affections:A gentle feeling of fondness or liking.
affects:Have an effect on; make a difference to.
affiliate:Officially attach or connect (a subsidiary group or a person) to an organization.
affiliated:(of a subsidiary group or a person) officially attached or connected to an organization.
affiliates:Officially attach or connect (a subsidiary group or a person) to an organization.
affiliating:Officially attach or connect (a subsidiary group or a person) to an organization.
affiliation:The state or process of affiliating or being affiliated.
affiliations:The state or process of affiliating or being affiliated.
affine:A relative by marriage.
affinities:A natural liking for and understanding of someone or something.
affinity:A spontaneous or natural liking or sympathy for someone or something.
affirm:State as a fact; assert strongly and publicly.
affirmation:The action or process of affirming something or being affirmed.
affirmations:The action or process of affirming something.
affirmative:A statement of agreement with or consent to an assertion or request.
affirmed:State emphatically or publicly.
affirming:State emphatically or publicly.
affirms:State emphatically or publicly.
affix:Stick, attach, or fasten (something) to something else.
affixed:Stick, attach, or fasten (something) to something else.
affixes:Stick, attach, or fasten (something) to something else.
affixing:Stick, attach, or fasten (something) to something else.
afflict:(of a problem or illness) cause pain or suffering to; affect or trouble.
afflicted:(of a problem or illness) cause pain or trouble to; affect adversely.
afflicting:(of a problem or illness) cause pain or trouble to; affect adversely.
affliction:Something that causes pain or suffering.
afflictions:A cause of pain or harm.
afflicts:(of a problem or illness) cause pain or trouble to; affect adversely.
affluence:The state of having a great deal of money; wealth.
affluent:A tributary stream.
afflux:A flow of something, especially water or air.
afford:Have enough money to pay for.
affordability:Ability to be afforded; inexpensiveness.
affordable:Inexpensive; reasonably priced.
afforded:Have enough money to pay for.
affording:Have enough money to pay for.
affords:Have enough money to pay for.
afforested:Convert (land) into forest, especially for commercial exploitation.
affray:An instance of fighting in a public place that disturbs the peace.
affront:Offend the modesty or values of.
affronted:Offend the modesty or values of.
affronts:Offend the modesty or values of.
afghan:A native or inhabitant of Afghanistan, or a person of Afghan descent.
afghani:The basic monetary unit of Afghanistan, equal to 100 puls.
afire:On fire; burning.
aflame:In flames; burning.
afloat:Floating in water; not sinking.
afoot:In preparation or progress; happening or beginning to happen.
afraid:Feeling fear or anxiety; frightened.
afresh:In a new or different way.
africa:The second largest continent (11.62 million square miles; 30.1 million sq km), a southward projection of the Old World landmass divided roughly in half by the equator and surrounded by sea except where the Isthmus of Suez joins it to Asia.
african:A person from Africa.
afro:A hairstyle in which naturally kinky or tightly curled hair is styled in such a way as to stand out all around the head.
afros:African; African and …
aft:At, near, or toward the stern of a ship or tail of an aircraft.
after:In the time following (an event or another period of time)
aftercare:Care of a patient after a stay in hospital or of a person on release from prison.
aftereffect:An effect that follows after the primary action of something.
aftereffects:An effect that follows after the primary action of something.
afterlife:(in some religions) life after death.
aftermath:The consequences or aftereffects of a significant unpleasant event.
afternoon:In the afternoon; every afternoon.
aftershave:An astringent scented lotion for applying to the skin after shaving.
afterward:At a later or future time.
afterwards:At a later or future time; subsequently.
aga:(in Muslim countries, especially under the Ottoman Empire) a military commander or official.
again:Another time; once more.
against:In opposition to.
agape:(of the mouth) wide open, especially with surprise or wonder.
agar:A gelatinous substance obtained from various kinds of red seaweed and used in biological culture media and as a thickener in foods.
agave:A succulent plant with rosettes of narrow spiny leaves and tall flower spikes, native to the southern US and tropical America.
agaves:A succulent plant with rosettes of narrow spiny leaves and tall flower spikes, native to the southern US and tropical America.
age:The length of time that a person has lived or a thing has existed.
aged:Having lived for a specified length of time; of a specified age.
ageing:The process of growing old.
agencies:A business or organization providing a particular service on behalf of another business, person, or group.
agency:A business or organization established to provide a particular service, typically one that involves organizing transactions between two other parties.
agenda:A list of items to be discussed at a formal meeting.
agendas:A list of items to be discussed at a formal meeting.
agent:A person who acts on behalf of another person or group.
agents:A person who acts on behalf of another person or group.
ages:Grow old or older.
agglomeration:A mass or collection of things; an assemblage.
agglomerations:A mass or collection of things; an assemblage.
aggravate:Make (a problem, injury, or offense) worse or more serious.
aggravated:(of an offense) made more serious by attendant circumstances (such as frame of mind)
aggravates:Make (a problem, injury, or offence) worse or more serious.
aggravating:Making a problem or offense worse or more serious.
aggravation:An intensification of a negative quality or aspect.
aggravations:The state of becoming worse or more serious; exacerbation.
aggregate:Form or group into a class or cluster.
aggregated:Form or group into a class or cluster.
aggregates:Form or group into a class or cluster.
aggregating:Form or group into a class or cluster.
aggregations:The formation of a number of things into a cluster.
aggression:Hostile or violent behavior or attitudes toward another; readiness to attack or confront.
aggressive:Ready or likely to attack or confront; characterized by or resulting from aggression.
aggressively:In a manner resulting from or betraying aggression.
aggressor:A person or country that attacks another first.
aggressors:A person or country that attacks another first.
aggrieved:Feeling resentment at having been unfairly treated.
aghast:Filled with horror or shock.
agile:Able to move quickly and easily.
agility:Ability to move quickly and easily.
aging:The process of growing old.
agio:The percentage charged on the exchange of one currency, or one form of money, into another that is more valuable.
agitate:Make (someone) troubled or nervous.
agitated:Feeling or appearing troubled or nervous.
agitates:Make (someone) troubled or nervous.
agitating:Make (someone) troubled or nervous.
agitation:A state of anxiety or nervous excitement.
agitations:A state of anxiety or nervous excitement.
agitator:A person who urges others to protest or rebel.
agitators:A person who urges others to protest or rebel.
agnostic:A person who believes that nothing is known or can be known of the existence or nature of God or of anything beyond material phenomena; a person who claims neither faith nor disbelief in God.
agnostics:A person who believes that nothing is known or can be known of the existence or nature of God.
ago:(used after a measurement of time) before the present; earlier.
agog:Very eager or curious to hear or see something.
agonies:Extreme physical or mental suffering.
agonise:Undergo great mental anguish through worrying about something.
agonised:Manifesting, suffering, or characterized by great physical or mental pain.
agonises:Undergo great mental anguish through worrying about something.
agonising:Causing great physical or mental pain.
agonist:A substance which initiates a physiological response when combined with a receptor.
agonists:A substance which initiates a physiological response when combined with a receptor.
agony:Extreme physical or mental suffering.
agoraphobia:Extreme or irrational fear of entering open or crowded places, of leaving one's own home, or of being in places from which escape is difficult.
agoraphobic:A person with an extreme or irrational fear of entering open or crowded places, of leaving their own home, or of being in places from which escape is difficult.
agouti:A large long-legged burrowing rodent related to the guinea pig, native to Central and South America.
agrarian:A person who advocates a redistribution of landed property, especially as part of a social movement.
agree:Have the same opinion about something; concur.
agreeable:Enjoyable and pleasurable; pleasant.
agreed:Discussed or negotiated and then accepted by all parties.
agreeing:Have the same opinion about something; concur.
agreement:Harmony or accordance in opinion or feeling; a position or result of agreeing.
agrees:Have the same opinion about something; concur.
agribusiness:Agriculture conducted on commercial principles, especially using advanced technology.
agricultural:Relating to agriculture.
agriculture:The science or practice of farming, including cultivation of the soil for the growing of crops and the rearing of animals to provide food, wool, and other products.
agrimony:A plant of the rose family bearing slender flower spikes and spiny fruits. Native to north temperate regions, it has been used traditionally in herbal medicine and dyeing.
agrochemical:A chemical used in agriculture, such as a pesticide or a fertilizer.
agrochemicals:A chemical used in agriculture, such as a pesticide or a fertilizer.
agronomist:An expert in the science of soil management and crop production.
aground:(with reference to a ship) on or on to the ground under shallow water.
ague:Malaria or some other illness involving fever and shivering.
aha:Used to express satisfaction, triumph, or surprise.
ahead:Further forward in space; in the line of one's forward motion.
ahem:Used to represent the noise made when clearing the throat, typically to attract attention or express disapproval or embarrassment.
ahoy:A call used to greet someone or draw attention to something from a distance.
aid:Help, assist, or support (someone or something) in the achievement of something.
aide:An assistant to an important person, especially a political leader.
aided:Help or support (someone or something) in the achievement of something.
aides:An assistant to an important person, especially a political leader.
aiding:Help or support (someone or something) in the achievement of something.
aids:A disease in which there is a severe loss of the body's cellular immunity, greatly lowering the resistance to infection and malignancy.
ail:Trouble or afflict (someone) in mind or body.
ailing:In poor health.
ailment:An illness, typically a minor one.
ailments:An illness, typically a minor one.
ails:Trouble or afflict (someone) in mind or body.
aim:Point or direct (a weapon or camera) at a target.
aimed:Point or direct (a weapon or camera) at a target.
aimer:A person who aims.
aiming:Point or direct (a weapon or camera) at a target.
aimless:Without purpose or direction.
aims:Point or direct (a weapon or camera) at a target.
air:Express (an opinion or grievance) publicly.
airbase:A base for the operation of military aircraft.
airborne:Transported by air.
airbrush:Paint with an airbrush.
aircraft:An airplane, helicopter, or other machine capable of flight.
aircrew:The crew staffing an aircraft.
aircrews:The crew staffing an aircraft.
aire:Express (an opinion or grievance) publicly.
aired:Express (an opinion or grievance) publicly.
airframe:The body of an aircraft as distinct from its engine.
airframes:The body of an aircraft as distinct from its engine.
airgun:A gun that fires pellets using compressed air.
airier:(of a room or building) spacious, well lit, and well ventilated.
airiest:(of a room or building) spacious, well lit, and well ventilated.
airily:In a way that shows that one is not treating something as serious; casually.
airing:An exposure to warm or fresh air, for the purpose of ventilating or removing dampness from something.
airings:An exposure to warm or fresh air, for the purpose of ventilating or removing dampness from something.
airless:Stuffy; not ventilated.
airlock:A blockage of the flow in a pump or pipe, caused by an air bubble.
airlocks:A stoppage of the flow in a pump or pipe, caused by an air bubble.
airman:A pilot or member of the crew of an aircraft, especially in an air force.
airmen:A pilot or member of the crew of an aircraft, especially in an air force.
airplane:A powered flying vehicle with fixed wings and a weight greater than that of the air it displaces.
airplay:Broadcasting time devoted to a particular record, performer, or musical genre.
airport:A complex of runways and buildings for the takeoff, landing, and maintenance of civil aircraft, with facilities for passengers.
airports:A complex of runways and buildings for the take-off, landing, and maintenance of civil aircraft, with facilities for passengers.
airs:Express (an opinion or grievance) publicly.
airsick:Affected with nausea due to travel in an aircraft.
airspace:The air available to aircraft to fly in, especially the part subject to the jurisdiction of a particular country.
airtight:Not allowing air to escape or pass through.
airtime:Time during which a broadcast is being transmitted.
airwaves:The radio frequencies used for broadcasting.
airway:The passage by which air reaches a person's lungs.
airways:The passage by which air reaches a person's lungs.
airworthy:(of an aircraft) safe to fly.
airy:(of a room or building) spacious, well lit, and well ventilated.
aisle:A passage between rows of seats in a building such as a church or theater, an airplane, or a train.
aisles:A passage between rows of seats in a building such as a church or theatre, an aircraft, or train.
aitches:The letter H.
ajar:(of a door or other opening) slightly open.
akin:Of similar character.
ala:Alabama.
alabama:A state in the southeastern US, on the Gulf of Mexico; population 4,661,900 (est. 2008); capital, Montgomery. It became the 22nd state of the US in 1819.
alabaster:A fine-grained, translucent form of gypsum, typically white, often carved into ornaments.
alack:An expression of regret or dismay.
alacrity:Brisk and cheerful readiness.
aladdin:The hero of a story in the Arabian Nights, who finds an old lamp which, when rubbed, summons a genie who obeys the will of the owner.
alanine:An amino acid which is a constituent of most proteins.
alarm:Cause (someone) to feel frightened, disturbed, or in danger.
alarmed:Make (someone) feel frightened, disturbed, or in danger.
alarming:Worrying or disturbing.
alarmist:Someone who is considered to be exaggerating a danger and so causing needless worry or panic.
alarms:Make (someone) feel frightened, disturbed, or in danger.
alas:An expression of grief, pity, or concern.
alaska:The largest state of the US, in the extreme northwest of North America, with coasts on the Arctic and North Pacific Oceans and on the Bering Sea; population 686,293 (est. 2008); capital, Juneau. The territory was purchased from Russia in 1867 and became the 49th state of the US in 1959.
alaskan:A native or inhabitant of the US state of Alaska.
albania:A republic in southeastern Europe, bordering on the Adriatic Sea; population 2,900,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Albanian; capital, Tirana.
albany:A city in southwestern Georgia; population 75,831 (est. 2008).
albeit:Although.
albinism:A congenital absence of pigment in the skin and hair (which are white) and the eyes (which are usually pink)
albino:A person or animal having a congenital absence of pigment in the skin and hair (which are white) and the eyes (which are usually pink)
album:A blank book for the insertion of photographs, stamps, or pictures.
albumen:Egg white, or the protein contained in it.
albumin:A simple form of protein that is soluble in water and coagulable by heat, such as that found in egg white, milk, and (in particular) blood serum.
alchemy:The medieval forerunner of chemistry, based on the supposed transformation of matter. It was concerned particularly with attempts to convert base metals into gold or to find a universal elixir.
alcohol:A colorless volatile flammable liquid that is produced by the natural fermentation of sugars and is the intoxicating constituent of wine, beer, spirits, and other drinks, and is also used as an industrial solvent and as fuel.
alcoholic:A person suffering from alcoholism.
alcoholics:A person suffering from alcoholism.
alcove:A recess in the wall of a room or garden.
alcoves:A recess in the wall of a room or garden.
aldehyde:An organic compound containing the group —CHO, formed by the oxidation of alcohols. Typical aldehydes include methanal (formaldehyde) and ethanal (acetaldehyde).
aldehydes:An organic compound containing the group —CHO, formed by the oxidation of alcohols. Typical aldehydes include methanal (formaldehyde) and ethanal (acetaldehyde).
alder:A widely distributed tree of the birch family which has toothed leaves and bears male catkins and woody female cones.
alderman:An elected member of a municipal council.
aldermen:A co-opted member of an English county or borough council, next in status to the Mayor.
aldrin:A toxic synthetic insecticide, now generally banned.
ale:A type of beer with a bitter flavor and higher alcoholic content.
alert:Warn (someone) of a danger, threat, or problem, typically with the intention of having it avoided or dealt with.
alerted:Warn (someone) of a danger or problem.
alerting:Warn (someone) of a danger or problem.
alertness:The quality of being alert.
alerts:Warn (someone) of a danger or problem.
ales:Any beer other than lager, stout, or porter.
alfalfa:A leguminous plant with clover-like leaves and bluish flowers, native to southwestern Asia and widely grown for fodder.
alga:A simple, nonflowering, and typically aquatic plant of a large group that includes the seaweeds and many single-celled forms. Algae contain chlorophyll but lack true stems, roots, leaves, and vascular tissue.
algae:A simple, non-flowering, and typically aquatic plant of a large group that includes the seaweeds and many single-celled forms. Algae contain chlorophyll but lack true stems, roots, leaves, and vascular tissue.
algal:Relating to or characteristic of algae.
algebra:The part of mathematics in which letters and other general symbols are used to represent numbers and quantities in formulae and equations.
algeria:A republic in northwestern Africa, on the Mediterranean coast; population 48,300,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Algiers; official language, Arabic.
algerian:A native or inhabitant of Algeria, or a person of Algerian descent.
algiers:The capital of Algeria and one of the leading Mediterranean ports of North Africa; population 2,203,700 (est. 2009).
algorithm:A process or set of rules to be followed in calculations or other problem-solving operations, especially by a computer.
alias:Used to indicate that a named person is also known or more familiar under another specified name.
aliases:Used to indicate that a named person is also known or more familiar under another specified name.
alibi:Offer an excuse or defense for (someone), especially by providing an account of their whereabouts at the time of an alleged act.
alibis:Provide an alibi for.
alien:A foreigner, especially one who is not a naturalized citizen of the country where they are living.
alienate:Cause (someone) to feel isolated or estranged.
alienated:Experiencing or inducing feelings of isolation or estrangement.
alienates:Make (someone) feel isolated or estranged.
alienating:Make (someone) feel isolated or estranged.
alienation:The state or experience of being isolated from a group or an activity to which one should belong or in which one should be involved.
aliens:A foreigner, especially one who is not a naturalized citizen of the country where he or she is living.
alight:Descend from a train, bus, or other form of transport.
alighted:Descend from a train, bus, or other form of transport.
alighting:Descend from a train, bus, or other form of transport.
alights:Descend from a train, bus, or other form of transport.
align:Place or arrange (things) in a straight line.
aligned:Place or arrange (things) in a straight line.
aligning:Place or arrange (things) in a straight line.
aligns:Place or arrange (things) in a straight line.
alike:In the same or a similar way.
alimony:Financial support that a person is ordered by a court to give to their spouse during separation or following divorce.
aline:(of a garment) slightly flared from a narrow waist or shoulders.
aliphatic:An aliphatic compound.
aliquot:Divide (a whole) into aliquots; take aliquots from (a whole)
aliquots:Divide (a whole) into aliquots.
alive:(of a person, animal, or plant) living, not dead.
alkalic:(of a rock or mineral) richer in sodium and/or potassium than is usual for its type.
alkalise:Treat with alkali.
alkaloid:Any of a class of nitrogenous organic compounds of plant origin which have pronounced physiological actions on humans. They include many drugs (morphine, quinine) and poisons (atropine, strychnine).
alkaloids:Any of a class of nitrogenous organic compounds of plant origin which have pronounced physiological actions on humans. They include many drugs (morphine, quinine) and poisons (atropine, strychnine).
alkanes:Any of the series of saturated hydrocarbons including methane, ethane, propane, and higher members.
alkyl:Of or denoting a hydrocarbon radical derived from an alkane by removal of a hydrogen atom.
all:Used to refer to the whole quantity or extent of a particular group or thing.
allay:Diminish or put at rest (fear, suspicion, or worry)
allayed:Diminish or put at rest (fear, suspicion, or worry)
allaying:Diminish or put at rest (fear, suspicion, or worry)
allays:Diminish or put at rest (fear, suspicion, or worry)
allegation:A claim or assertion that someone has done something illegal or wrong, typically one made without proof.
allegations:A claim or assertion that someone has done something illegal or wrong, typically one made without proof.
allege:Claim or assert that someone has done something illegal or wrong, typically without proof that this is the case.
alleged:(of an incident or a person) said, without proof, to have taken place or to have a specified illegal or undesirable quality.
allegedly:Used to convey that something is claimed to be the case or have taken place, although there is no proof.
alleges:Claim or assert that someone has done something illegal or wrong, typically without proof.
allegiance:Loyalty or commitment of a subordinate to a superior or of an individual to a group or cause.
allegiances:Loyalty or commitment to a superior or to a group or cause.
alleging:Claim or assert that someone has done something illegal or wrong, typically without proof.
allegorical:Constituting or containing allegory.
allegories:A story, poem, or picture that can be interpreted to reveal a hidden meaning, typically a moral or political one.
allegory:A story, poem, or picture that can be interpreted to reveal a hidden meaning, typically a moral or political one.
allegro:(especially as a direction) at a brisk tempo.
allele:One of two or more alternative forms of a gene that arise by mutation and are found at the same place on a chromosome.
alleles:Each of two or more alternative forms of a gene that arise by mutation and are found at the same place on a chromosome.
allergic:Caused by or relating to an allergy.
allergies:A damaging immune response by the body to a substance, especially a particular food, pollen, fur, or dust, to which it has become hypersensitive.
allergy:A damaging immune response by the body to a substance, especially pollen, fur, a particular food, or dust, to which it has become hypersensitive.
alleviate:Make (suffering, deficiency, or a problem) less severe.
alleviated:Make (suffering, deficiency, or a problem) less severe.
alleviates:Make (suffering, deficiency, or a problem) less severe.
alleviating:Make (suffering, deficiency, or a problem) less severe.
alley:A narrow passageway between or behind buildings.
alleys:A narrow passageway between or behind buildings.
alliance:A union or association formed for mutual benefit, especially between countries or organizations.
alliances:A union or association formed for mutual benefit, especially between countries or organizations.
allied:Joined by or relating to members of an alliance.
allies:Combine or unite a resource or commodity with (another) for mutual benefit.
alligator:A large semiaquatic reptile similar to a crocodile but with a broader and shorter head, native to the Americas and China.
alligators:A large semiaquatic reptile similar to a crocodile but with a broader and shorter head, native to the Americas and China.
alliterate:(of a phrase or line of verse) contain words which begin with the same sound or letter.
alliterated:(of a phrase or line of verse) contain words which begin with the same sound or letter.
alliterating:(of a phrase or line of verse) contain words which begin with the same sound or letter.
alliteration:The occurrence of the same letter or sound at the beginning of adjacent or closely connected words.
allocate:Distribute (resources or duties) for a particular purpose.
allocated:Distribute (resources or duties) for a particular purpose.
allocates:Distribute (resources or duties) for a particular purpose.
allocating:Distribute (resources or duties) for a particular purpose.
allocation:The action or process of allocating or distributing something.
allophones:Any of the various phonetic realizations of a phoneme in a language, which do not contribute to distinctions of meaning. For example, in English an aspirated p (as in pin) and unaspirated p (as in spin) are allophones of the phoneme /p/, whereas in ancient Greek the distinction was phonemic.
allot:Give or apportion (something) to someone as a share or task.
allotment:The amount of something allocated to a particular person.
allotments:A plot of land rented by an individual for growing vegetables or flowers.
allots:Give or apportion (something) to someone.
allotted:Give or apportion (something) to someone.
allotting:Give or apportion (something) to someone.
allow:Give (someone) permission to do something.
allowable:Allowed, especially within a set of regulations; permissible.
allowance:Give (someone) a sum of money regularly as an allowance.
allowances:Give (someone) a sum of money as an allowance.
allowed:Let (someone) have or do something.
allowing:Let (someone) have or do something.
allows:Let (someone) have or do something.
alloy:Mix (metals) to make an alloy.
alloyed:Mix (metals) to make an alloy.
alloying:Mix (metals) to make an alloy.
alloys:Mix (metals) to make an alloy.
allude:Suggest or call attention to indirectly; hint at.
alluded:Suggest or call attention to indirectly; hint at.
alludes:Suggest or call attention to indirectly; hint at.
alluding:Suggest or call attention to indirectly; hint at.
allure:Powerfully attract or charm; tempt.
allured:Powerfully attract or charm; tempt.
allures:Powerfully attract or charm; tempt.
alluring:Powerfully and mysteriously attractive or fascinating; seductive.
allusion:An expression designed to call something to mind without mentioning it explicitly; an indirect or passing reference.
allusions:An expression designed to call something to mind without mentioning it explicitly; an indirect or passing reference.
ally:Combine or unite a resource or commodity with (another) for mutual benefit.
allying:Combine or unite a resource or commodity with (another) for mutual benefit.
almanac:An annual calendar containing important dates and statistical information such as astronomical data and tide tables.
almanacs:An annual calendar containing important dates and statistical information such as astronomical data and tide tables.
almighty:Having complete power; omnipotent.
almond:The oval edible nutlike seed (kernel) of the almond tree, growing in a woody shell, widely used as food.
almonds:The oval edible nutlike seed (kernel) of the almond tree, growing in a woody shell, widely used as food.
almost:Not quite; very nearly.
alms:(in historical contexts) money or food given to poor people.
almshouse:A house built originally by a charitable person or organization for poor people to live in.
almshouses:A house founded by charity, offering accommodation for poor people.
aloe:A succulent plant, typically having a rosette of toothed fleshy leaves and bell-shaped or tubular flowers on long stems. Native to the Old World tropics, several species are cultivated commercially or as ornamentals.
aloes:A succulent plant with a rosette of thick tapering leaves and bell-shaped or tubular flowers on long stems, native to the Old World.
aloft:Up in or into the air; overhead.
aloha:An utterance of “aloha”
alone:On one's own.
along:Moving in a constant direction on (a road, path, or any more or less horizontal surface)
alongside:Close to the side of; next to.
aloof:Not friendly or forthcoming; cool and distant.
aloud:Audibly; not silently or in a whisper.
alp:A high mountain, especially a snowcapped one.
alpaca:A long-haired domesticated South American mammal related to the llama, valued for its wool.
alpacas:A long-haired domesticated South American mammal related to the llama, valued for its wool.
alpha:The first letter of the Greek alphabet (Α, α), transliterated as ‘a.’.
alphabet:A set of letters or symbols in a fixed order, used to represent the basic sounds of a language; in particular, the set of letters from A to Z.
alphabetically:In the order of the letters of the alphabet.
alphabets:A set of letters or symbols in a fixed order used to represent the basic set of speech sounds of a language, especially the set of letters from A to Z.
alphanumeric:A character that is either a letter or a number.
alpine:A plant native to mountain districts, often suitable for growing in rock gardens.
alps:A mountain system in Europe that extends in a curve from the coast of southeastern France through northwestern Italy, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, southern Germany, and Austria, into Slovenia. The highest peak, Mont Blanc, rises to a height of 15,771 feet (4,807 m).
already:Before or by now or the time in question.
alright:In a satisfactory manner or to a satisfactory extent; fairly well.
also:In addition; too.
altar:The table in a Christian church at which the bread and wine are consecrated in communion services.
altarpiece:A work of art, especially a painting on wood, set above and behind an altar.
altarpieces:A painting or other work of art designed to be set above and behind an altar.
altars:The table in a Christian church at which the bread and wine are consecrated in communion services.
alter:Change or cause to change in character or composition, typically in a comparatively small but significant way.
alteration:The action or process of altering or being altered.
alterations:The action or process of altering or being altered.
altercation:A noisy argument or disagreement, especially in public.
altercations:A noisy argument or disagreement, especially in public.
altered:Changed in character or composition, typically in a comparatively small but significant way.
altering:Change in character or composition, typically in a comparatively small but significant way.
alternate:Occur in turn repeatedly.
alternated:Occur in turn repeatedly.
alternates:Occur in turn repeatedly.
alternating:(of two or more things) occurring in turn repeatedly.
alternative:One of two or more available possibilities.
alternatively:As another option or possibility.
alternatives:One of two or more available possibilities.
alters:Change in character or composition, typically in a comparatively small but significant way.
although:In spite of the fact that; even though.
altimeter:An instrument for determining altitude attained, especially a barometric or radar device used in an aircraft.
altimeters:An instrument for determining altitude attained, especially a barometric or radar device fitted in an aircraft.
altitude:The height of an object or point in relation to sea level or ground level.
altitudes:The height of an object or point in relation to sea level or ground level.
alto:The highest adult male singing voice; countertenor.
altogether:Completely; totally.
altruism:The belief in or practice of disinterested and selfless concern for the well-being of others.
altruistic:Showing a disinterested and selfless concern for the well-being of others; unselfish.
alum:A colorless astringent compound that is a hydrated double sulfate of aluminum and potassium, used in solution medicinally and in dyeing and tanning.Any of a number of analogous crystalline double sulfates of a monovalent metal (or group) and a trivalent metal.
aluminium:The chemical element of atomic number 13, a light silvery-grey metal.
aluminum:The chemical element of atomic number 13, a light silvery-gray metal.
alveolar:An alveolar consonant.
always:At all times; on all occasions.
amalgam:A mixture or blend.
amalgamate:Combine or unite to form one organization or structure.
amalgamated:Combine or unite to form one organization or structure.
amalgamates:Combine or unite to form one organization or structure.
amalgamating:Combine or unite to form one organization or structure.
amalgamation:The action, process, or result of combining or uniting.
amalgamations:The action, process, or result of combining or uniting.
amalgams:A mixture or blend.
amass:Gather together or accumulate (a large amount or number of valuable material or things) over a period of time.
amassed:Gather together or accumulate (a large amount or number of material or things) over a period of time.
amasses:Gather together or accumulate (a large amount or number of material or things) over a period of time.
amassing:Gather together or accumulate (a large amount or number of material or things) over a period of time.
amateur:A person who engages in a pursuit, especially a sport, on an unpaid rather than a professional basis.
amateurish:Unskillful; inept.
amateurism:The practicing of an activity, especially a sport, on an unpaid rather than a professional basis.
amateurs:A person who engages in a pursuit, especially a sport, on an unpaid rather than a professional basis.
amatory:Relating to or induced by sexual love or desire.
amaze:Surprise (someone) greatly; fill with astonishment.
amazed:Greatly surprised; astonished.
amazement:A feeling of great surprise or wonder.
amazes:Surprise (someone) greatly; fill with astonishment.
amazing:Causing great surprise or wonder; astonishing.
amazon:A river in South America that flows more than 4,150 miles (6,683 km) through Peru, Colombia, and Brazil into the Atlantic Ocean. It drains two-fifths of the continent and, in terms of water-flow, is the largest river in the world.
ambassador:An accredited diplomat sent by a country as its official representative to a foreign country.
ambassadors:An accredited diplomat sent by a state as its permanent representative in a foreign country.
amber:Hard translucent fossilized resin produced by extinct coniferous trees of the Tertiary period, typically yellowish in color.
ambergris:A waxy substance that originates as a secretion in the intestines of the sperm whale, found floating in tropical seas and used in perfume manufacture.
ambiance:The character and atmosphere of a place.
ambience:The character and atmosphere of a place.
ambiguities:The quality of being open to more than one interpretation; inexactness.
ambiguity:The quality of being open to more than one interpretation; inexactness.
ambiguous:(of language) open to more than one interpretation; having a double meaning.
ambit:The scope, extent, or bounds of something.
ambition:A strong desire to do or to achieve something, typically requiring determination and hard work.
ambitions:A strong desire to do or achieve something.
ambitious:Having or showing a strong desire and determination to succeed.
ambitiously:With the intention of meeting high aspirations, typically by attempting something complex or difficult.
ambivalence:The state of having mixed feelings or contradictory ideas about something or someone.
ambivalent:Having mixed feelings or contradictory ideas about something or someone.
amble:Walk or move at a slow, relaxed pace.
ambled:Walk or move at a slow, relaxed pace.
ambles:Walk or move at a slow, relaxed pace.
ambling:Walk or move at a slow, relaxed pace.
ambrosia:The food of the gods.
ambush:Make a surprise attack on (someone) from a concealed position.
ambushed:Make a surprise attack on (someone) from a concealed position.
ambushes:Make a surprise attack on (someone) from a concealed position.
ambushing:Make a surprise attack on (someone) from a concealed position.
ameliorate:Make (something bad or unsatisfactory) better.
ameliorated:Make (something bad or unsatisfactory) better.
ameliorates:Make (something bad or unsatisfactory) better.
ameliorating:Make (something bad or unsatisfactory) better.
amelioration:The act of making something better; improvement.
amen:An utterance of “amen.”.
amenable:(of a person) open and responsive to suggestion; easily persuaded or controlled.
amend:Make minor changes in (a text) in order to make it fairer, more accurate, or more up-to-date.
amended:Make minor changes to (a text, piece of legislation, etc.) in order to make it fairer or more accurate, or to reflect changing circumstances.
amending:Make minor changes to (a text, piece of legislation, etc.) in order to make it fairer or more accurate, or to reflect changing circumstances.
amendment:A minor change or addition designed to improve a text, piece of legislation, etc.
amendments:A minor change or addition designed to improve a text, piece of legislation, etc.
amenities:A desirable or useful feature or facility of a building or place.
amenity:A desirable or useful feature or facility of a building or place.
amenorrhoea:An abnormal absence of menstruation.
america:Used as a name for the United States.
american:A native or citizen of the United States.
americans:A native or citizen of the United States.
americium:The chemical element of atomic number 95, a radioactive metal of the actinide series. Americium does not occur naturally and was first made by bombarding plutonium with neutrons.
amethyst:A precious stone consisting of a violet or purple variety of quartz.
amethystine:Consisting of or containing amethyst.
amiability:The quality of having a friendly and pleasant manner; geniality.
amiable:Having or displaying a friendly and pleasant manner.
amicable:(of relations between people) having a spirit of friendliness; without serious disagreement or rancor.
amid:Surrounded by; in the middle of.
amide:An organic compound containing the group —C(O)NH₂, related to ammonia by replacing a hydrogen atom by an acyl group.
amidships:In the middle of a ship, either longitudinally or laterally.
amigo:Used to address or refer to a friend, chiefly in Spanish-speaking areas.
amine:An organic compound derived from ammonia by replacement of one or more hydrogen atoms by organic groups.
amines:An organic compound derived from ammonia by replacement of one or more hydrogen atoms by organic groups.
amino:The group —NH₂, present in amino acids, amides, and many amines.
amir:An Arab ruler.
amiss:Wrongly or inappropriately.
amity:A friendly relationship.
amman:The capital of Jordan, located in the northwestern part of the country; population 1,307,017 (2004).
ammeter:An instrument for measuring electric current in amperes.
ammeters:An instrument for measuring electric current in amperes.
ammonia:A colorless gas with a characteristic pungent smell. It dissolves in water to give a strongly alkaline solution.
ammonites:An ammonoid fossil, especially one of a later type found chiefly in the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, typically with intricately frilled suture lines.
ammonium:The cation NH₄⁺, present in solutions of ammonia and in salts derived from ammonia.
ammunition:A supply or quantity of bullets and shells.
amnesia:A partial or total loss of memory.
amnesties:Grant an official pardon to.
amnesty:Grant an official pardon to.
amniotic:Relating to the amnion.
amoeba:A single-celled animal that catches food and moves about by extending fingerlike projections of protoplasm. Amoebas are either free-living in damp environments or parasitic.
among:Surrounded by; in the company of.
amongst:Situated more or less centrally in relation to (several other things)
amoral:Lacking a moral sense; unconcerned with the rightness or wrongness of something.
amorous:Showing, feeling, or relating to sexual desire.
amorphous:Without a clearly defined shape or form.
amortise:Gradually write off the initial cost of (an asset) over a period.
amortised:Gradually write off the initial cost of (an asset) over a period.
amount:A quantity of something, especially the total of a thing or things in number, size, value, or extent.
amounted:Come to be (the total) when added together.
amounting:Come to be (the total) when added together.
amounts:Come to be (the total) when added together.
amour:A secret or illicit love affair or lover.
amp:short for ampere
ampere:The SI base unit of electrical current.
amperes:The SI base unit of electrical current.
ampersand:The sign & (standing for and, as in Smith & Co., or the Latin et, as in &c).
ampersands:The sign & (standing for and, as in Smith & Co., or the Latin et, as in &c.).
amphitheatre:(especially in Greek and Roman architecture) an open circular or oval building with a central space surrounded by tiers of seats for spectators, for the presentation of dramatic or sporting events.
amphitheatres:(especially in Greek and Roman architecture) an open circular or oval building with a central space surrounded by tiers of seats for spectators, for the presentation of dramatic or sporting events.
ample:Enough or more than enough; plentiful.
ampler:Enough or more than enough; plentiful.
amplified:(of music or sound) played through an amplifier.
amplifies:Increase the volume of (sound), especially using an amplifier.
amplify:Increase the volume of (sound), especially using an amplifier.
amplifying:Increase the volume of (sound), especially using an amplifier.
amplitude:The maximum extent of a vibration or oscillation, measured from the position of equilibrium.
amplitudes:The maximum extent of a vibration or oscillation, measured from the position of equilibrium.
amps:short for ampere
amputate:Cut off (a limb) by surgical operation.
amputated:Cut off (a limb) by surgical operation.
amputating:Cut off (a limb) by surgical operation.
amputation:The action of surgically cutting off a limb.
amputations:The action of surgically cutting off a limb.
amputee:A person who has had a limb amputated.
amputees:A person who has had a limb amputated.
amulet:An ornament or small piece of jewelry thought to give protection against evil, danger, or disease.
amulets:An ornament or small piece of jewellery thought to give protection against evil, danger, or disease.
amuse:Cause (someone) to find something funny; entertain.
amused:Finding something funny or entertaining.
amusement:The state or experience of finding something funny.
amuses:Cause (someone) to find something funny.
amusing:Causing laughter and providing entertainment.
an:The form of the indefinite article used before words beginning with a vowel sound.
ana:Anecdotes or literary gossip about a person.
anabolic:Relating to or promoting anabolism.
anachronistic:Belonging to a period other than that being portrayed.
anaconda:A semiaquatic snake of the boa family that may grow to a great size, native to tropical South America.
anacondas:A semiaquatic snake of the boa family that may grow to a great size, native to tropical South America.
anaemia:A condition in which there is a deficiency of red cells or of haemoglobin in the blood, resulting in pallor and weariness.
anaemic:A person suffering from anaemia.
anaerobic:Relating to, involving, or requiring an absence of free oxygen.
anaesthesia:Insensitivity to pain, especially as artificially induced by the administration of gases or the injection of drugs before surgical operations.
anaesthetic:A substance that induces insensitivity to pain.
anaesthetics:A substance that induces insensitivity to pain.
anaesthetise:Administer an anaesthetic to (a person or animal), especially so as to induce a loss of consciousness.
anaesthetised:Administer an anaesthetic to (a person or animal), especially so as to induce a loss of consciousness.
anaesthetising:Administer an anaesthetic to (a person or animal), especially so as to induce a loss of consciousness.
anaesthetist:A medical specialist who administers anaesthetics.
anaesthetists:A medical specialist who administers anaesthetics.
anagrammatic:Denoting or employing a word, phrase, or name formed by rearranging the letters of another; in the form of an anagram.
anal:Involving, relating to, or situated near the anus.
analgesic:An analgesic drug.
analgesics:An analgesic drug.
analogies:A comparison between one thing and another, typically for the purpose of explanation or clarification.
analogous:Comparable in certain respects, typically in a way which makes clearer the nature of the things compared.
analogue:A person or thing seen as comparable to another.
analogues:A person or thing seen as comparable to another.
analogy:A comparison between two things, typically for the purpose of explanation or clarification.
analyse:Examine (something) methodically and in detail, typically in order to explain and interpret it.
analysed:Examine (something) methodically and in detail, typically in order to explain and interpret it.
analyser:A person, device, or computer program that examines something methodically and in detail.
analyses:Detailed examination of the elements or structure of something.
analysing:Examine (something) methodically and in detail, typically in order to explain and interpret it.
analysis:Detailed examination of the elements or structure of something.
analytical:Relating to or using analysis or logical reasoning.
anaphora:The use of a word referring to or replacing a word used earlier in a sentence, to avoid repetition, such as do in I like it and so do they.
anarchic:With no controlling rules or principles to give order.
anarchist:A person who advocates or promotes anarchism or anarchy.
anarchists:A person who advocates or promotes anarchism or anarchy.
anarchy:A state of disorder due to absence or nonrecognition of authority or other controlling systems.
anathema:Something or someone that one vehemently dislikes.
anatomically:As regards bodily structure.
anatomist:An expert in anatomy; a dissector.
anatomists:An expert in anatomy.
anatomy:The branch of science concerned with the bodily structure of humans, animals, and other living organisms, especially as revealed by dissection and the separation of parts.
ancestor:A person, typically one more remote than a grandparent, from whom one is descended.
ancestors:A person, typically one more remote than a grandparent, from whom one is descended.
ancestral:Of, belonging to, inherited from, or denoting an ancestor or ancestors.
ancestries:One's family or ethnic descent.
ancestry:One's family or ethnic descent.
anchor:Moor (a ship) to the sea bottom with an anchor.
anchorage:An area that is suitable for a ship to anchor in.
anchorages:An area off the coast which is suitable for a ship to anchor.
anchored:Moor (a ship) to the sea bottom with an anchor.
anchoring:Moor (a ship) to the sea bottom with an anchor.
anchorite:A religious recluse.
anchors:Moor (a ship) to the sea bottom with an anchor.
anchovies:A small shoaling fish of commercial importance as a food fish and as bait. It is strongly flavoured and is usually preserved in salt and oil.
anchovy:A small shoaling fish of commercial importance as a food fish and as bait. It is strongly flavored and is usually preserved in salt and oil.
ancient:An old person.
ancients:An old man.
ancillary:A person whose work provides necessary support to the primary activities of an organization, institution, or industry.
and:A Boolean operator which gives the value one if and only if all the operands are one, and otherwise has a value of zero.
andante:(especially as a direction) at a moderately slow tempo.
andes:A major mountain system that runs the length of the Pacific coast of South America. It extends more than 5,000 miles (8,000 km), with a continuous height of more than 10,000 feet (3,000 m). Its highest peak is Aconcagua.
android:(in science fiction) a robot with a human appearance.
anecdotal:(of an account) not necessarily true or reliable, because based on personal accounts rather than facts or research.
anecdotally:According to or by means of personal accounts rather than facts or research.
anecdote:A short amusing or interesting story about a real incident or person.
anecdotes:A short amusing or interesting story about a real incident or person.
anechoic:Free from echo.
anemia:A condition marked by a deficiency of red blood cells or of hemoglobin in the blood, resulting in pallor and weariness.
anemic:A person suffering from anemia.
anemone:A plant of the buttercup family, typically bearing brightly colored flowers. Anemones are widely distributed in the wild, and several kinds are popular garden plants.
anergy:Absence of the normal immune response to a particular antigen or allergen.
aneroid:An aneroid barometer.
aneurysm:An excessive localized enlargement of an artery caused by a weakening of the artery wall.
aneurysms:An excessive localized swelling of the wall of an artery.
anew:In a new or different and typically more positive way.
angel:A spiritual being believed to act as an attendant, agent, or messenger of God, conventionally represented in human form with wings and a long robe.
angelic:Relating to angels.
angelica:A tall aromatic plant of the parsley family, with large leaves and yellowish-green flowers. Native to both Eurasia and North America, it is used in cooking and herbal medicine.
angels:A spiritual being believed to act as an attendant, agent, or messenger of God, conventionally represented in human form with wings and a long robe.
anger:Fill (someone) with anger; provoke anger in.
angered:Fill (someone) with anger; provoke anger in.
angering:Fill (someone) with anger; provoke anger in.
angers:A town in western France, capital of the former province of Anjou; population 156,965 (2006).
angina:A condition marked by severe pain in the chest, often also spreading to the shoulders, arms, and neck, caused by an inadequate blood supply to the heart.
angioplasty:Surgical repair or unblocking of a blood vessel, especially a coronary artery.
angle:Direct or incline at an angle.
angled:Placed or inclined at an angle to something else.
anglepoise:A type of desk lamp with a jointed arm and counterbalancing springs that hold it in any position to which it is adjusted.
angler:A person who fishes with a rod and line.
anglers:A person who fishes with a rod and line.
angles:Direct or incline at an angle.
anglican:A member of any of the Anglican Churches.
angling:The sport or pastime of fishing with a rod and line.
angola:A republic on the west coast of southern Africa; population 25,000,000 (estimated 2015); languages, Portuguese (official), Bantu languages; capital, Luanda.
angolan:A native or inhabitant of Angola, or a person of Angolan descent.
angolans:A native or inhabitant of Angola, or a person of Angolan descent.
angora:A cat, goat, or rabbit of a long-haired breed.
angoras:A cat, goat, or rabbit of a long-haired breed.
angrier:Feeling or showing strong annoyance, displeasure, or hostility; full of anger.
angriest:Feeling or showing strong annoyance, displeasure, or hostility; full of anger.
angry:Feeling or showing strong annoyance, displeasure, or hostility; full of anger.
angst:A feeling of deep anxiety or dread, typically an unfocused one about the human condition or the state of the world in general.
angstroms:A unit of length equal to one hundred-millionth of a centimetre, 10⁻¹⁰ metre, used mainly to express wavelengths and interatomic distances.
anguish:Severe mental or physical pain or suffering.
anguished:Experiencing or expressing severe mental or physical pain or suffering.
anguishes:Be extremely distressed about something.
angular:(of an object, outline, or shape) having angles or sharp corners.
aniline:A colorless oily liquid present in coal tar. It is used in the manufacture of dyes, drugs, and plastics, and was the basis of the earliest synthetic dyes.
animal:A living organism that feeds on organic matter, typically having specialized sense organs and nervous system and able to respond rapidly to stimuli.
animals:A living organism that feeds on organic matter, typically having specialized sense organs and nervous system and able to respond rapidly to stimuli.
animate:Bring to life.
animated:Full of life or excitement; lively.
animates:Bring to life.
animating:Bring to life.
animation:The state of being full of life or vigor; liveliness.
animations:The state of being full of life or vigour; liveliness.
animism:The attribution of a soul to plants, inanimate objects, and natural phenomena.
animosities:Strong hostility.
animosity:Strong hostility.
animus:Hostility or ill feeling.
anion:A negatively charged ion, i.e. one that would be attracted to the anode in electrolysis.
anions:A negatively charged ion, i.e. one that would be attracted to the anode in electrolysis.
anise:A Mediterranean plant of the parsley family, cultivated for its aromatic seeds which are used in cooking and herbal medicine.
aniseed:The seed of the anise, used in cooking and herbal medicine.
anisotropic:(of an object or substance) having a physical property that has a different value when measured in different directions. A simple example is wood, which is stronger along the grain than across it.
ankara:A type of cotton cloth featuring brightly colored patterns produced by means of a wax-resist dye technique, associated especially with West African fashion.
ankle:Leave.
anna:A former monetary unit of India and Pakistan, equal to one sixteenth of a rupee.
annal:A record of the events of one year.
annals:A record of events year by year.
annex:Append or add as an extra or subordinate part, especially to a document.
annexation:The action of annexing something, especially territory.
annexations:The action of annexing something, especially territory.
annexe:Add as an extra or subordinate part, especially to a document.
annexed:Add as an extra or subordinate part, especially to a document.
annexes:Add as an extra or subordinate part, especially to a document.
annexing:Add as an extra or subordinate part, especially to a document.
annihilate:Destroy utterly; obliterate.
annihilated:Destroy utterly; obliterate.
annihilates:Destroy utterly; obliterate.
annihilating:Destroy utterly; obliterate.
annihilation:Complete destruction or obliteration.
anniversaries:The date on which an event took place or an institution was founded in a previous year.
anniversary:The date on which an event took place in a previous year.
annotate:Add notes to (a text or diagram) giving explanation or comment.
annotated:(of a text or diagram) supplied with notes giving explanation or comment.
annotates:Add notes to (a text or diagram) giving explanation or comment.
annotating:Add notes to (a text or diagram) giving explanation or comment.
annotation:A note of explanation or comment added to a text or diagram.
annotations:A note by way of explanation or comment added to a text or diagram.
announce:Make a public and typically formal declaration about a fact, occurrence, or intention.
announced:Make a formal public statement about a fact, occurrence, or intention.
announcement:A public and typically formal statement about a fact, occurrence, or intention.
announcements:A formal public statement about a fact, occurrence, or intention.
announcer:A person who announces something, in particular someone who introduces or gives information about programs on radio or television.
announcers:A person who announces something, in particular someone who introduces or gives information about programmes on radio or television.
announces:Make a formal public statement about a fact, occurrence, or intention.
announcing:Make a formal public statement about a fact, occurrence, or intention.
annoy:Irritate (someone); make (someone) a little angry.
annoyance:The feeling or state of being annoyed; irritation.
annoyed:Slightly angry; irritated.
annoying:Causing irritation or annoyance.
annoys:Make (someone) a little angry; irritate.
annual:A book or magazine that is published once a year under the same title but with different contents.
annualised:(of a rate of interest, inflation, or return on an investment) recalculated as an annual rate.
annually:Once a year; every year.
annuals:A book or magazine that is published once a year under the same title but with different contents.
annul:Declare invalid (an official agreement, decision, or result)
annular:Ring-shaped.
annuli:A ring-shaped object, structure, or region.
annulled:Declare invalid (an official agreement, decision, or result)
annulling:Declare invalid (an official agreement, decision, or result)
annulment:The act of annulling something.
annuls:Declare invalid (an official agreement, decision, or result)
annulus:A ring-shaped object, structure, or region.
anode:The positively charged electrode by which the electrons leave a device.
anodes:The positively charged electrode by which the electrons leave an electrical device.
anodised:(of a metal, especially aluminium) coated with a protective oxide layer by an electrolytic process in which the metal forms the anode.
anodyne:A painkilling drug or medicine.
anoint:Smear or rub with oil, typically as part of a religious ceremony.
anointed:Nominated or chosen as successor to or leading candidate for a position.
anointing:Smear or rub with oil, typically as part of a religious ceremony.
anoints:Smear or rub with oil, typically as part of a religious ceremony.
anomalies:Something that deviates from what is standard, normal, or expected.
anomalous:Deviating from what is standard, normal, or expected.
anomaly:Something that deviates from what is standard, normal, or expected.
anon:Soon; shortly.
anonym:An anonymous person or publication.
anonymity:The condition of being anonymous.
anonymous:(of a person) not identified by name; of unknown name.
anonymously:In a way that prevents a person from being identified by name.
anonyms:An anonymous person or publication.
another:Used to refer to an additional person or thing of the same type as one already mentioned or known about; one more; a further.
answer:Say or write something to deal with or as a reaction to someone or something.
answerable:Required to explain or justify one's actions to; responsible or having to report to.
answered:Say or write something as a reaction to someone or something.
answering:Say or write something as a reaction to someone or something.
answers:Say or write something as a reaction to someone or something.
ant:A small insect, often with a sting, that usually lives in a complex social colony with one or more breeding queens. It is wingless except for fertile adults, which often form large mating swarms, and is proverbial for industriousness.
antagonise:Cause (someone) to become hostile or angry.
antagonised:Cause (someone) to become hostile or angry.
antagonises:Cause (someone) to become hostile or angry.
antagonising:Cause (someone) to become hostile or angry.
antagonism:Active hostility or opposition.
antagonisms:Active hostility or opposition.
antagonist:A person who actively opposes or is hostile to someone or something; an adversary.
antagonistic:Showing or feeling active opposition or hostility toward someone or something.
antagonists:A person who actively opposes or is hostile to someone or something; an adversary.
ante:Put up an amount as an ante in poker and similar games.
antecedent:A thing or event that existed before or logically precedes another.
antecedents:A thing that existed before or logically precedes another.
antedate:Precede in time; come before (something) in date.
antedates:Precede in time; come before (something) in date.
antedating:An example or instance of a word, phrase, etc., at a date earlier than previously known or recorded.
antediluvian:Of or belonging to the time before the biblical Flood.
antelope:A swift-running deerlike ruminant with smooth hair and upward-pointing horns, of a group native to Africa and Asia that includes the gazelles, impala, gnus, and elands.
antenatal:Before birth; prenatal.
anterior:Nearer the front, especially situated in the front of the body or nearer to the head.
anteroom:An antechamber, typically serving as a waiting room.
anthem:A rousing or uplifting song identified with a particular group, body, or cause.
anthems:A rousing or uplifting song identified with a particular group, body, or cause.
anther:The part of a stamen that contains the pollen.
anthologies:A published collection of poems or other pieces of writing.
anthology:A published collection of poems or other pieces of writing.
anthrax:A serious bacterial disease of sheep and cattle, causing acute and often fatal septicemia, and also transmissible to humans.
anthropic:(in philosophy and cosmology) involving or concerning the existence of human life, especially as a constraint on theories of the universe.
anthropocentric:Regarding humankind as the central or most important element of existence, especially as opposed to God or animals.
anthropogenic:(chiefly of environmental pollution and pollutants) originating in human activity.
anthropologist:An expert in or student of anthropology.
anthropologists:An expert in or student of anthropology.
anthropometric:Of or relating to the scientific study of the measurements and proportions of the human body.
anthropomorphic:Relating to or characterized by anthropomorphism.
anthropomorphising:Attribute human characteristics or behaviour to (a god, animal, or object)
anthropomorphism:The attribution of human characteristics or behavior to a god, animal, or object.
anti:Opposed to; against.
antiaircraft:(especially of a gun or missile) used to attack enemy aircraft.
antibiotics:A medicine (such as penicillin or its derivatives) that inhibits the growth of or destroys microorganisms.
antic:Grotesque or bizarre.
anticipate:Regard as probable; expect or predict.
anticipated:Regard as probable; expect or predict.
anticipates:Regard as probable; expect or predict.
anticipating:Regard as probable; expect or predict.
anticipation:The action of anticipating something; expectation or prediction.
anticipations:The action of anticipating something; expectation or prediction.
anticlimax:A disappointing end to an exciting or impressive series of events.
anticlockwise:In the opposite direction to the way in which the hands of a clock move around; counterclockwise.
anticoagulants:An anticoagulant substance.
antics:Foolish, outrageous, or amusing behavior.
anticyclone:A weather system with high atmospheric pressure at its center, around which air slowly circulates in a clockwise (northern hemisphere) or counterclockwise (southern hemisphere) direction. Anticyclones are associated with calm, fine weather.
antidepressant:An antidepressant drug.
antidepressants:An antidepressant drug.
antidote:Counteract or cancel with an antidote.
antidotes:A medicine taken or given to counteract a particular poison.
antifreeze:A liquid, typically one based on ethylene glycol, that can be added to water to lower the freezing point, chiefly used in the radiator of a motor vehicle.
antihistamines:A drug or other compound that inhibits the physiological effects of histamine, used especially in the treatment of allergies.
antimatter:Molecules formed by atoms consisting of antiprotons, antineutrons, and positrons. Stable antimatter does not appear to exist in our universe.
antimony:The chemical element of atomic number 51, a brittle silvery-white metalloid.
antioxidants:A substance that inhibits oxidation, especially one used to counteract the deterioration of stored food products.
antiparticles:A subatomic particle having the same mass as a given particle but opposite electric or magnetic properties. Every kind of subatomic particle has a corresponding antiparticle, e.g. the positron has the same mass as the electron but an equal and opposite charge.
antipathetic:Showing or feeling a strong aversion.
antipathies:A deep-seated feeling of aversion.
antipathy:A deep-seated feeling of dislike; aversion.
antiquated:Old-fashioned or outdated.
antique:Make (something) resemble an antique by artificial means.
antiques:Make (something) resemble an antique by artificial means.
antiquities:The ancient past, especially the period of classical and other human civilizations before the Middle Ages.
antiquity:The ancient past, especially the period before the Middle Ages.
antiseptic:An antiseptic compound or preparation.
antiseptics:An antiseptic compound or preparation.
antisocial:Contrary to the laws and customs of society; devoid of or antagonistic to sociable instincts or practices.
antistatic:Preventing the buildup of static electricity or reducing its effects.
antisymmetric:Unaltered in magnitude but changed in sign by exchange of two variables or by a particular symmetry operation.
antitheses:A person or thing that is the direct opposite of someone or something else.
antithesis:A person or thing that is the direct opposite of someone or something else.
antithetical:Directly opposed or contrasted; mutually incompatible.
antitrust:Relating to legislation preventing or controlling trusts or other monopolies, with the intention of promoting competition in business.
antiviral:An antiviral drug or medicine.
antler:Each of the branched horns on the head of an adult deer (typically a male one), which are made of bone and are grown and cast annually.
antlers:Each of the branched horns on the head of an adult deer (typically a male one), which are made of bone and are grown and cast annually.
antonym:A word opposite in meaning to another (e.g. bad and good).
antonyms:A word opposite in meaning to another (e.g. bad and good).
ants:A small insect typically having a sting and living in a complex social colony with one or more breeding queens. It is wingless except for fertile adults, which form large mating swarms, and is proverbial for its industriousness.
antwerp:A port in northern Belgium, on the Scheldt River; population 472,071 (2008). By the 16th century, it was a leading European commercial and financial center.
anus:The opening at the end of the alimentary canal through which solid waste matter leaves the body.
anvil:A heavy steel or iron block with a flat top, concave sides, and typically a pointed end, on which metal can be hammered and shaped.
anxieties:A feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease about something with an uncertain outcome.
anxiety:A feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease, typically about an imminent event or something with an uncertain outcome.
anxious:Experiencing worry, unease, or nervousness, typically about an imminent event or something with an uncertain outcome.
any:Used to refer to one or some of a thing or number of things, no matter how much or how many.
anybody:Anyone.
anyhow:another term for anyway
anymore:To any further extent; any longer.
anyone:Any person or people.
anything:Used to refer to a thing, no matter what.
anyway:Used to confirm or support a point or idea just mentioned.
anywhere:In or to any place.
aorist:The aorist tense.
aorta:The main artery of the body, supplying oxygenated blood to the circulatory system. In humans it passes over the heart from the left ventricle and runs down in front of the backbone.
aortas:The main artery of the body, supplying oxygenated blood to the circulatory system. In humans it passes over the heart from the left ventricle and runs down in front of the backbone.
aortic:Relating to the aorta, the main artery of the body.
apace:Swiftly; quickly.
apache:A violent troublemaker, originally in Paris.
apaches:A violent troublemaker, originally in Paris.
apart:(of two or more people or things) separated by a distance; at a specified distance from each other in time or space.
apartment:A suite of rooms forming one residence, typically in a building containing a number of these.
apartments:A flat, typically one that is well appointed or used for holidays.
apartness:The state of two or more people or things being separated in time or space.
apathetic:Showing or feeling no interest, enthusiasm, or concern.
apathy:Lack of interest, enthusiasm, or concern.
ape:Imitate the behavior or manner of (someone or something), especially in an absurd or unthinking way.
aped:Imitate (someone or something), especially in an absurd or unthinking way.
apeman:An extinct ape-like primate believed to be related or ancestral to present-day humans.
aperiodic:Not periodic; irregular.
aperture:An opening, hole, or gap.
apertures:An opening, hole, or gap.
apes:Imitate (someone or something), especially in an absurd or unthinking way.
apex:The top or highest part of something, especially one forming a point.
aphasia:Loss of ability to understand or express speech, caused by brain damage.
aphelion:The point in the orbit of a planet, asteroid, or comet at which it is furthest from the sun.
aphorism:A pithy observation that contains a general truth, such as, “if it ain't broke, don't fix it.”
aphorisms:A pithy observation which contains a general truth.
aphrodisiac:A food, drink, or drug that stimulates sexual desire.
aphrodisiacs:A food, drink, or other thing that stimulates sexual desire.
apian:Relating to bees.
apiece:(used after a noun or an amount) to, for, or by each one of a group.
aping:Imitate (someone or something), especially in an absurd or unthinking way.
apis:A god depicted as a bull, symbolizing fertility and strength in war.
apish:Resembling or likened to an ape.
aplenty:In abundance.
aplomb:Self-confidence or assurance, especially when in a demanding situation.
apnea:Temporary cessation of breathing, especially during sleep.
apnoea:Temporary cessation of breathing, especially during sleep.
apocalyptic:Describing or prophesying the complete destruction of the world.
apocryphal:(of a story or statement) of doubtful authenticity, although widely circulated as being true.
apolitical:Not interested or involved in politics.
apologetic:Regretfully acknowledging or excusing an offense or failure.
apologia:A formal written defense of one's opinions or conduct.
apologies:A regretful acknowledgement of an offence or failure.
apologise:Express regret for something that one has done wrong.
apologised:Express regret for something that one has done wrong.
apologises:Express regret for something that one has done wrong.
apologising:Express regret for something that one has done wrong.
apologist:A person who offers an argument in defense of something controversial.
apologists:A person who offers an argument in defence of something controversial.
apology:A regretful acknowledgment of an offense or failure.
apoplectic:Overcome with anger; extremely indignant.
apostasy:The abandonment or renunciation of a religious or political belief.
apostate:A person who renounces a religious or political belief or principle.
apostates:A person who renounces a religious or political belief or principle.
apostle:Each of the twelve chief disciples of Jesus Christ.Any important early Christian teacher, especially St. Paul.The first successful Christian missionary in a country or to a people.A vigorous and pioneering advocate or supporter of a particular policy, idea, or cause.One of the twelve administrative officers in a Church of the Latter-day Saints (Mormons).
apostles:Each of the twelve chief disciples of Jesus Christ.An important early Christian teacher or pioneering missionary.A vigorous and pioneering advocate or supporter of a particular policy, idea, or cause.One of the twelve administrative officers in a Church of the Latter-day Saints (Mormons).
apostolate:(chiefly in Roman Catholic contexts) the position or authority of an apostle or a religious leader.
apostrophe:A punctuation mark ( ’ ) used to indicate either possession (e.g., Harry's book; boys' coats) or the omission of letters or numbers (e.g., can't; he's; class of ’99).
apothecary:A person who prepared and sold medicines and drugs.
apotheosis:The highest point in the development of something; culmination or climax.
appal:Greatly dismay or horrify.
appalled:Greatly dismayed or horrified.
appalling:Causing shock or dismay; horrific.
appals:Greatly dismay or horrify.
apparatus:The technical equipment or machinery needed for a particular activity or purpose.
apparatuses:The technical equipment or machinery needed for a particular activity or purpose.
apparel:Clothe (someone)
apparelled:Clothe (someone)
apparent:Clearly visible or understood; obvious.
apparently:As far as one knows or can see.
apparition:A ghost or ghostlike image of a person.
apparitions:A ghost or ghostlike image of a person.
appeal:Make a serious or urgent request, typically to the public.
appealed:Make a serious, urgent, or heartfelt request.
appealing:Attractive or interesting.
appeals:Make a serious, urgent, or heartfelt request.
appear:Come into sight; become visible or noticeable, typically without visible agent or apparent cause.
appearance:The way that someone or something looks.
appearances:The way that someone or something looks.
appeared:Come into sight; become visible or noticeable, especially without apparent cause.
appearing:Come into sight; become visible or noticeable, especially without apparent cause.
appears:Come into sight; become visible or noticeable, especially without apparent cause.
appease:Pacify or placate (someone) by acceding to their demands.
appeased:Pacify or placate (someone) by acceding to their demands.
appeasement:The action or process of appeasing.
appeases:Pacify or placate (someone) by acceding to their demands.
appeasing:Pacify or placate (someone) by acceding to their demands.
appellate:(especially of a court) concerned with or dealing with applications for decisions to be reversed.
appellation:A name or title.
appellations:A name or title.
append:Add (something) as an attachment or supplement.
appendage:(often with negative or pejorative connotations) a thing that is added or attached to something larger or more important.
appendages:A thing that is added or attached to something larger or more important.
appended:Add (something) to the end of a written document.
appendices:A tube-shaped sac attached to and opening into the lower end of the large intestine in humans and some other mammals. In humans the appendix is small and has no known function, but in rabbits, hares, and some other herbivores it is involved in the digestion of cellulose.
appendicitis:A serious medical condition in which the appendix becomes inflamed and painful.
appending:Add (something) to the end of a written document.
appendix:A tube-shaped sac attached to and opening into the lower end of the large intestine in humans and some other mammals.
appends:Add (something) to the end of a written document.
appertain:Relate to; concern.
appertained:Relate to; concern.
appetiser:A small dish of food or a drink taken before a meal or the main course of a meal to stimulate one's appetite.
appetising:Stimulating one's appetite.
appetite:A natural desire to satisfy a bodily need, especially for food.
appetites:A natural desire to satisfy a bodily need, especially for food.
applaud:Show approval or praise by clapping.
applauded:Show approval or praise by clapping.
applauding:Show approval or praise by clapping.
applauds:Show approval or praise by clapping.
applause:Approval or praise expressed by clapping.
apple:The round fruit of a tree of the rose family, which typically has thin red or green skin and crisp flesh. Many varieties have been developed as dessert or cooking fruit or for making cider.
apples:The round fruit of a tree of the rose family, which typically has thin green or red skin and crisp flesh.
applet:A very small application, especially a utility program performing one or a few simple functions.
appliance:A device or piece of equipment designed to perform a specific task, typically a domestic one.
appliances:A device or piece of equipment designed to perform a specific task.
applicable:Relevant or appropriate.
applicant:A person who makes a formal application for something, especially a job.
applicants:A person who makes a formal application for something, especially a job.
application:A formal request to an authority for something.
applications:A formal request to be considered for a position or to be allowed to do or have something, submitted to an authority, institution, or organization.
applicator:A device used for inserting something or for applying a substance to a surface.
applicators:A device used for inserting something or for applying a substance to a surface.
applied:(of a subject or type of study) put to practical use as opposed to being theoretical.
applies:Make a formal application or request.
apply:Make a formal application or request.
applying:Make a formal application or request.
appoint:Assign a job or role to (someone)
appointed:(of a time or place) decided on beforehand; designated.
appointing:Assign a job or role to (someone)
appointment:An arrangement to meet someone at a particular time and place.
appointments:An arrangement to meet someone at a particular time and place.
appoints:Assign a job or role to (someone)
apportion:Divide and allocate.
apportioned:Divide up and share out.
apportioning:Divide up and share out.
apportionment:The action or result of apportioning something.
apportions:Divide up and share out.
apposite:Apt in the circumstances or in relation to something.
appraisal:An act of assessing something or someone.
appraisals:An act of assessing something or someone.
appraise:Assess the value or quality of.
appraised:Assess the value or quality of.
appraises:Assess the value or quality of.
appraising:Assessing the value or quality of something; critical.
appreciable:Large or important enough to be noticed.
appreciably:To an appreciable extent; considerably.
appreciate:Recognize the full worth of.
appreciated:Recognize the full worth of.
appreciates:Recognize the full worth of.
appreciating:Recognize the full worth of.
appreciation:Recognition and enjoyment of the good qualities of someone or something.
appreciations:Recognition and enjoyment of the good qualities of someone or something.
appreciative:Feeling or showing gratitude or pleasure.
apprehend:Arrest (someone) for a crime.
apprehended:Arrest (someone) for a crime.
apprehending:Arrest (someone) for a crime.
apprehends:Arrest (someone) for a crime.
apprehension:Anxiety or fear that something bad or unpleasant will happen.
apprehensions:Anxiety or fear that something bad or unpleasant will happen.
apprehensive:Anxious or fearful that something bad or unpleasant will happen.
apprentice:Employ (someone) as an apprentice.
apprenticed:Employ (someone) as an apprentice.
apprentices:Employ (someone) as an apprentice.
apprenticeship:The position of an apprentice.
apprenticeships:The position of an apprentice.
apprise:Inform or tell (someone)
apprised:Inform or tell (someone)
apprising:Inform or tell (someone)
approach:Come near or nearer to (someone or something) in distance or time.
approachable:Friendly and easy to talk to.
approached:Come near or nearer to (someone or something) in distance or time.
approaches:Come near or nearer to (someone or something) in distance or time.
approaching:Coming nearer in distance or time.
approbation:Approval or praise.
appropriate:Take (something) for one's own use, typically without the owner's permission.
appropriated:Take (something) for one's own use, typically without the owner's permission.
appropriates:Take (something) for one's own use, typically without the owner's permission.
appropriating:Take (something) for one's own use, typically without the owner's permission.
approval:The action of approving something.
approvals:The action of approving something.
approve:Officially agree to or accept as satisfactory.
approved:Officially agreed or accepted as satisfactory.
approves:Officially agree to or accept as satisfactory.
approving:Showing or feeling approval of someone or something.
approximate:Come close or be similar to something in quality, nature, or quantity.
approximated:Come close or be similar to something in quality, nature, or quantity.
approximately:Used to show that something is almost, but not completely, accurate or exact; roughly.
approximates:Come close or be similar to something in quality, nature, or quantity.
approximating:Come close or be similar to something in quality, nature, or quantity.
approximation:A value or quantity that is nearly but not exactly correct.
approximations:A value or quantity that is nearly but not exactly correct.
apricot:A juicy, soft fruit, resembling a small peach, of an orange-yellow color.
april:The fourth month of the year, in the northern hemisphere usually considered the second month of spring.
apron:A protective or decorative garment worn over the front of one's clothes and tied at the back.
aprons:A protective garment worn over the front of one's clothes and tied at the back.
apropos:With reference to; concerning.
apsis:Either of two points on the orbit of a planet or satellite that are nearest to or furthest from the body around which it moves.
apt:Appropriate or suitable in the circumstances.
aptest:Appropriate or suitable in the circumstances.
aptitude:A natural ability to do something.
aptitudes:A natural ability to do something.
aptness:The quality of being appropriate or suitable.
aqua:A light bluish-green color; aquamarine.
aqualung:A portable breathing apparatus for divers, consisting of cylinders of compressed air strapped on the diver's back, feeding air automatically through a mask or mouthpiece.
aquanaut:A person who swims underwater using an aqualung.
aquatic:An aquatic plant or animal, especially one suitable for a pond or aquarium.
aquatics:An aquatic plant or animal, especially one suitable for a pond or aquarium.
aqueduct:An artificial channel for conveying water, typically in the form of a bridge across a valley or other gap.
aqueducts:An artificial channel for conveying water, typically in the form of a bridge across a valley or other gap.
aquifer:A body of permeable rock which can contain or transmit groundwater.
aquiline:Like an eagle.
arab:A member of a Semitic people, originally from the Arabian peninsula and neighboring territories, inhabiting much of the Middle East and North Africa.
arabia:A peninsula of southwestern Asia, largely desert, lying between the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf and bounded on the north by Jordan and Iraq. The original homeland of the Arabs and the historic center of Islam, it comprises the states of Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Oman, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates.
arabian:A native or inhabitant of Arabia.
arabians:A native or inhabitant of Arabia.
arabic:The Semitic language of the Arabs, spoken by some 150 million people throughout the Middle East and North Africa.
arable:Arable land or crops.
arabs:A member of a Semitic people, originally from the Arabian peninsula and neighbouring territories, inhabiting much of the Middle East and North Africa.
arachnoid:A fine, delicate membrane, the middle one of the three membranes or meninges that surround the brain and spinal cord, situated between the dura mater and the pia mater.
arachnophobia:Extreme or irrational fear of spiders.
arak:An alcoholic spirit made in Eastern countries from the sap of the coco palm or from rice.
arbiter:A person who settles a dispute or has ultimate authority in a matter.
arbiters:A person who settles a dispute or has ultimate authority in a matter.
arbitrageur:A person who engages in arbitrage.
arbitrageurs:A person who engages in arbitrage.
arbitral:Relating to or resulting from the use of an arbitrator to settle a dispute.
arbitrary:Based on random choice or personal whim, rather than any reason or system.
arbitrate:(of an independent person or body) reach an authoritative judgment or settlement.
arbitrated:(of an independent person or body) reach an authoritative judgement or settlement.
arbitrates:(of an independent person or body) reach an authoritative judgement or settlement.
arbitrating:(of an independent person or body) reach an authoritative judgement or settlement.
arbitration:The use of an arbitrator to settle a dispute.
arbitrations:The use of an arbitrator to settle a dispute.
arbitrator:An independent person or body officially appointed to settle a dispute.
arbitrators:An independent person or body officially appointed to settle a dispute.
arbor:A shady garden alcove with sides and a roof formed by trees or climbing plants trained over a wooden framework.
arbour:A shady garden alcove with the sides and roof formed by trees or climbing plants trained over a framework.
arc:A part of the circumference of a circle or other curve.
arcade:A covered passageway with arches along one or both sides.
arcades:A covered passage with arches along one or both sides.
arcana:Secrets or mysteries.
arcane:Understood by few; mysterious or secret.
arced:Move with a curving trajectory.
arch:Have the curved shape of an arch.
archaeological:Relating to archaeology.
archaeopteryx:The oldest known fossil bird, of the late Jurassic period. It had feathers, wings, and hollow bones like a bird, but teeth, a bony tail, and legs like a small coelurosaur dinosaur.
archaic:Very old or old-fashioned.
archangel:An angel of high rank.
archdeaconry:The district for which an archdeacon is responsible.
arched:Constructed with or in the form of an arch or arches.
archenemies:A person who is extremely opposed or hostile to someone or something.
archenemy:A person who is extremely hostile or opposed to someone or something.
archer:A person who shoots with a bow and arrows, especially at a target for sport.
archers:A person who shoots with a bow and arrows, especially at a target as a sport.
archery:The sport or skill of shooting with a bow and arrows, especially at a target.
arches:Used in names of moths with curving arch-shaped patterns on the wings, such as dark arches.
archetypal:Very typical of a certain kind of person or thing.
archetype:A very typical example of a certain person or thing.
archetypes:A very typical example of a certain person or thing.
arching:Have the curved shape of an arch.
archipelago:A group of islands.
architect:Design and configure (a program or system)
architects:Design and configure (a program or system)
architecturally:In a way that relates to the design and construction of buildings.
architecture:The art or practice of designing and constructing buildings.
architrave:(in classical architecture) a main beam resting across the tops of columns, specifically the lower third entablature.
architraves:(in classical architecture) a main beam resting across the tops of columns, specifically the lower third entablature.
archive:Place or store (something) in an archive.
archived:Place or store (something) in an archive.
archives:Place or store (something) in an archive.
archiving:Place or store (something) in an archive.
arcing:The formation of an electric arc.
arcs:Move with a curving trajectory.
arctic:The regions around the North Pole.
ardent:Enthusiastic or passionate.
ardently:Very enthusiastically or passionately.
ardour:Great enthusiasm or passion.
arduous:Involving or requiring strenuous effort; difficult and tiring.
area:A region or part of a town, a country, or the world.
areas:A region or part of a town, a country, or the world.
arena:A level area surrounded by seats for spectators, in which sports, entertainments, and other public events are held.
arenas:A level area surrounded by seating, in which sports, entertainments, and other public events are held.
argent:Silver as a heraldic tincture.
argon:The chemical element of atomic number 18, an inert gaseous element of the noble gas group. Argon is the most common noble gas, making up nearly one percent of the earth's atmosphere.
argot:The jargon or slang of a particular group or class.
arguable:Able to be argued or asserted.
arguably:It may be argued (used to qualify the statement of an opinion or belief)
argue:Give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.
argued:Give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.
argues:Give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.
arguing:Give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.
argument:An exchange of diverging or opposite views, typically a heated or angry one.
argumentative:Given to expressing divergent or opposite views.
arguments:An exchange of diverging or opposite views, typically a heated or angry one.
argus:A long-tailed pheasant with generally brown plumage, found in Southeast Asia and Indonesia.
aria:A long accompanied song for a solo voice, typically one in an opera or oratorio.
arid:(of land or a climate) having little or no rain; too dry or barren to support vegetation.
aright:Correctly; properly.
arise:(of a problem, opportunity, or situation) emerge; become apparent.
arisen:(of a problem, opportunity, or situation) emerge; become apparent.
arises:(of a problem, opportunity, or situation) emerge; become apparent.
arising:(of a problem, opportunity, or situation) emerge; become apparent.
aristocracy:The highest class in certain societies, especially those holding hereditary titles or offices.
aristocrat:A member of the aristocracy.
aristocratic:Of, belonging to, or typical of the aristocracy.
aristocrats:A member of the aristocracy.
arizona:A state in the southwestern US, on the border with Mexico; population 6,500,180 (est. 2008); capital, Phoenix. It became the 48th state of the US in 1912.
ark:(in the Bible) the ship built by Noah to save his family and two of every kind of animal from the Flood; Noah's ark.
arkansas:A state in the south central US; population 2,855,390 (est. 2008); capital, Little Rock. It became the 25th state of the US in 1836.
arks:(in the Bible) the ship built by Noah to save his family and two of every kind of animal from the Flood; Noah's ark.
arm:Each of the two upper limbs of the human body from the shoulder to the hand.
armada:A fleet of warships.
armadas:A fleet of warships.
armature:The rotating coil or coils of a dynamo or electric motor.
armatures:The rotating coil or coils of a dynamo or electric motor.
armed:Equipped with or carrying a weapon or weapons.
armenia:A landlocked country in the Caucasus of southwestern Asia; population 3,000,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Armenian; capital, Yerevan.
armful:As much as a person can hold in both arms.
armfuls:As much as a person can hold in both arms.
armhole:Each of two openings in a garment through which the wearer puts their arms.
armholes:Each of two openings in a garment through which the wearer puts their arms.
armies:An organized military force equipped for fighting on land.
arming:Each of the two upper limbs of the human body from the shoulder to the hand.
armistice:An agreement made by opposing sides in a war to stop fighting for a certain time; a truce.
armour:Provide (someone) with emotional, social, or other defences.
armoured:Covered with or protected by armour.
armourer:A maker, supplier, or repairer of weapons or armour.
armourers:A maker, supplier, or repairer of weapons or armour.
armouries:A place where weapons are kept.
armoury:A place where weapons are kept.
armpit:A hollow under the arm at the shoulder.
armrest:A padded or upholstered arm of a chair or other seat on which a sitter's arm can comfortably rest.
arms:Weapons and ammunition; armaments.
army:An organized military force equipped for fighting on land.
aroma:A distinctive, typically pleasant smell.
aromas:A distinctive, typically pleasant smell.
aromatherapy:The use of aromatic plant extracts and essential oils in massage or baths.
aromatic:A substance or plant emitting a pleasant and distinctive smell.
aromaticity:The property in an organic compound of being aromatic.
aromatics:A substance or plant emitting a pleasant and distinctive smell.
arose:(of a problem, opportunity, or situation) emerge; become apparent.
around:Located or situated on every side.
arousal:The action or fact of arousing or being aroused.
arouse:Evoke or awaken (a feeling, emotion, or response)
aroused:Sexually excited.
arouses:Evoke or awaken (a feeling, emotion, or response)
arousing:Evoke or awaken (a feeling, emotion, or response)
arrange:Put (things) in a neat, attractive, or required order.
arranged:Put (things) in a neat, attractive, or required order.
arrangement:The action, process, or result of arranging or being arranged.
arrangements:The action, process, or result of arranging or being arranged.
arranges:Put (things) in a neat, attractive, or required order.
arranging:Put (things) in a neat, attractive, or required order.
arrant:Complete, utter.
array:Display or arrange (things) in a particular way.
arrayed:Display or arrange (things) in a particular way.
arraying:Display or arrange (things) in a particular way.
arrays:Display or arrange (things) in a particular way.
arrears:Money that is owed and should have been paid earlier.
arrest:Seize (someone) by legal authority and take into custody.
arrested:Seize (someone) by legal authority and take them into custody.
arrester:A device which prevents or stops a specified thing.
arresting:Striking; eye-catching.
arrests:Seize (someone) by legal authority and take them into custody.
arrhythmia:A condition in which the heart beats with an irregular or abnormal rhythm.
arrival:The action or process of arriving.
arrive:Reach a place at the end of a journey or a stage in a journey.
arrived:Reach a place at the end of a journey or a stage in a journey.
arrives:Reach a place at the end of a journey or a stage in a journey.
arriving:Reach a place at the end of a journey or a stage in a journey.
arrogance:The quality of being arrogant.
arrogant:Having or revealing an exaggerated sense of one's own importance or abilities.
arrow:A shaft sharpened at the front and with feathers or vanes at the back, shot from a bow as a weapon or for sport.
arrowhead:The pointed end of an arrow.
arrowheads:The pointed end of an arrow.
arrowing:Move or appear to move swiftly and directly.
arrowroot:A West Indian herbaceous plant from which a starch is prepared.
arrows:Move or appear to move swiftly and directly.
arsenal:A collection of weapons and military equipment stored by a country, person, or group.
arsenals:A collection of weapons and military equipment.
arsenic:The chemical element of atomic number 33, a brittle steel-gray metalloid.
arsenide:A binary compound of arsenic with a metallic element.
arson:The criminal act of deliberately setting fire to property.
arsonist:A person who commits arson.
arsonists:A person who commits arson.
art:The expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture, producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power.
artefact:An object made by a human being, typically one of cultural or historical interest.
artefacts:An object made by a human being, typically one of cultural or historical interest.
artefactual:Denoting or relating to an object made by a human being, typically one of cultural or historical interest.
arterial:A through road.
arteries:Any of the muscular-walled tubes forming part of the circulation system by which blood (mainly that which has been oxygenated) is conveyed from the heart to all parts of the body.
artery:Any of the muscular-walled tubes forming part of the circulation system by which blood (mainly that which has been oxygenated) is conveyed from the heart to all parts of the body.
artful:(of a person or action) clever or skillful, typically in a crafty or cunning way.
arthritis:Painful inflammation and stiffness of the joints.
arthur:A legendary king of Britain, historically perhaps a 5th- or 6th-century Romano-British chieftain or general. Stories of his life, the exploits of his knights, and the Round Table of the court at Camelot were developed by Malory, Chrétien de Troyes, and other medieval writers and became the subject of many legends.
artichoke:A European plant resembling a thistle, cultivated for its large flower heads.The unopened flower head of the artichoke, of which the heart and the fleshy bases of the bracts are edible.
artichokes:A European plant resembling a thistle, cultivated for its large flower heads.The unopened flower head of the artichoke, of which the heart and the fleshy bases of the bracts are edible.
article:Bind by the terms of a contract, as one of apprenticeship.
articled:Bind (a trainee solicitor, architect, surveyor, or accountant) to undergo a period of training with a firm in order to become qualified.
articles:Bind (a trainee solicitor, architect, surveyor, or accountant) to undergo a period of training with a firm in order to become qualified.
articular:Relating to a joint or the joints.
articulate:Express (an idea or feeling) fluently and coherently.
articulated:Having two or more sections connected by a flexible joint.
articulates:Pronounce (something) clearly and distinctly.
articulating:Pronounce (something) clearly and distinctly.
articulation:The formation of clear and distinct sounds in speech.
articulatory:Relating to the formation of speech sounds.
artier:Making a strong, affected, or pretentious display of being artistic or interested in the arts.
artifice:Clever or cunning devices or expedients, especially as used to trick or deceive others.
artificial:Made or produced by human beings rather than occurring naturally, especially as a copy of something natural.
artificially:By means of human intervention rather than naturally.
artillery:Large-caliber guns used in warfare on land.
artisan:A worker in a skilled trade, especially one that involves making things by hand.
artisans:A worker in a skilled trade, especially one that involves making things by hand.
artist:A person who produces paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby.
artiste:A professional entertainer, especially a singer or dancer.
artistes:A professional entertainer, especially a singer or dancer.
artistic:Having or revealing natural creative skill.
artistry:Creative skill or ability.
artists:A person who creates paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby.
artless:Without guile or deception.
artlessness:The quality of being artless; especially freedom from artificiality; frank simplicity, guilelessness.
arts:The expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture, producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power.
artwork:Illustrations, photographs, or other nontextual material prepared for inclusion in a publication.
arty:Making a strong, affected, or pretentious display of being artistic or interested in the arts.
arum:A North American and European plant that has arrow-shaped leaves and a broad leafy spathe enclosing a club-shaped spadix, and that bears bright red berries in late summer.
as:Used in comparisons to refer to the extent or degree of something.
asbestosis:A lung disease resulting from the inhalation of asbestos particles, marked by severe fibrosis and a high risk of mesothelioma (cancer of the pleura).
ascend:Go up or climb.
ascendancy:Occupation of a position of dominant power or influence.
ascendant:The point on the ecliptic at which it intersects the eastern horizon at a particular time, typically that of a person's birth.
ascended:(of a spiritual being or soul) risen to heaven.
ascendency:Occupation of a position of dominant power or influence.
ascender:A part of a letter that extends above the main part (as in b and h).
ascending:Increasing in size or importance.
ascends:Go up or climb.
ascent:A climb or walk to the summit of a mountain or hill.
ascents:A climb or walk to the summit of a mountain or hill.
ascertain:Find (something) out for certain; make sure of.
ascertained:Find (something) out for certain; make sure of.
ascertaining:Find (something) out for certain; make sure of.
ascertains:Find (something) out for certain; make sure of.
ascetic:A person who practices severe self-discipline and abstention.
asceticism:Severe self-discipline and avoidance of all forms of indulgence, typically for religious reasons.
ascetics:A person who follows an ascetic life.
ascribe:Attribute something to (a cause)
ascribed:Regard something as being due to (a cause)
ascribes:Regard something as being due to (a cause)
ascribing:Regard something as being due to (a cause)
ash:The powdery residue left after the burning of a substance.
ashamed:Embarrassed or guilty because of one's actions, characteristics, or associations.
ashen:Of the pale gray color of ash.
ashes:The powdery residue left after the burning of a substance.
ashore:To or on the shore from the direction of the sea.
ashtray:A receptacle for tobacco ash and cigarette butts.
ashtrays:A small receptacle for tobacco ash and cigarette ends.
ashy:Of a pale grayish color; ashen.
asia:The largest of the world's continents, constituting nearly one third of the land mass, lying entirely north of the equator except for some Southeast Asian islands. It is connected to Africa by the Isthmus of Suez, and borders Europe (part of the same land mass) along the Ural Mountains and across the Caspian Sea.
asian:A native of Asia or a person of Asian descent.
asiatic:An Asian person.
aside:To one side; out of the way.
asides:To one side; out of the way.
asinine:Extremely stupid or foolish.
ask:Say something in order to obtain an answer or some information.
askance:With an attitude or look of suspicion or disapproval.
asked:Say something in order to obtain an answer or some information.
askew:Not in a straight or level position.
asking:Say something in order to obtain an answer or some information.
asks:Say something in order to obtain an answer or some information.
asleep:In a state of sleep.
asp:A small southern European viper with an upturned snout.
asparagus:A tall plant of the lily family with fine feathery foliage, cultivated for its edible shoots.
aspect:(of a planet) form an aspect with (another celestial body)
aspects:(of a planet) form an aspect with (another celestial body)
asperity:Harshness of tone or manner.
aspersion:An attack on the reputation or integrity of someone or something.
asphalt:Cover with asphalt.
asphyxiate:Kill (someone) by depriving them of air.
asphyxiated:Kill (someone) by depriving them of air.
asphyxiation:The state or process of being deprived of oxygen, which can result in unconsciousness or death; suffocation.
aspic:A savory jelly made with meat stock, set in a mold and used to contain pieces of meat, seafood, or eggs.
aspidistra:A bulbous plant with broad tapering leaves, native to eastern Asia and often grown as a houseplant.
aspirate:Breathe (something) in; inhale.
aspirated:(of a sound) pronounced with an exhalation of breath.
aspirates:Breathe (something) in; inhale.
aspirating:Breathe (something) in; inhale.
aspiration:A hope or ambition of achieving something.
aspirational:Having or characterized by aspirations to achieve social prestige and material success.
aspirations:A hope or ambition of achieving something.
aspirators:An instrument or apparatus for aspirating fluid from a vessel or cavity.
aspire:Direct one's hopes or ambitions towards achieving something.
aspired:Direct one's hopes or ambitions towards achieving something.
aspires:Direct one's hopes or ambitions towards achieving something.
aspirin:A synthetic compound used medicinally to relieve mild or chronic pain and to reduce fever and inflammation.
aspiring:Directing one's hopes or ambitions toward becoming a specified type of person.
asps:A small southern European viper with an upturned snout.
ass:An animal of the horse family, which is typically smaller than a horse and has longer ears and a braying call.
assail:Make a concerted or violent attack on.
assailant:A person who physically attacks another.
assailants:A person who physically attacks another.
assailed:Make a concerted or violent attack on.
assailing:Make a concerted or violent attack on.
assails:Make a concerted or violent attack on.
assassin:A murderer of an important person in a surprise attack for political or religious reasons.
assassinate:Murder (an important person) in a surprise attack for political or religious reasons.
assassinated:Murder (an important person) for political or religious reasons.
assassinating:Murder (an important person) for political or religious reasons.
assassination:The action of assassinating someone.
assassinations:The action of assassinating someone.
assassins:A person who murders an important person for political or religious reasons.
assault:Make a physical attack on.
assaulted:Make a physical attack on.
assaulting:Make a physical attack on.
assaults:Make a physical attack on.
assay:Determine the content or quality of (a metal or ore)
assayed:Determine the content or quality of (a metal or ore)
assays:Determine the content or quality of (a metal or ore)
assemblage:A collection or gathering of things or people.
assemblages:A collection or gathering of things or people.
assemble:(of people) gather together in one place for a common purpose.
assembled:(of people) gather together in one place for a common purpose.
assembles:(of people) gather together in one place for a common purpose.
assemblies:A group of people gathered together in one place for a common purpose.
assembling:(of people) gather together in one place for a common purpose.
assembly:A group of people gathered together in one place for a common purpose.
assent:The expression of approval or agreement.
assented:Express approval or agreement.
assenting:Express approval or agreement.
assents:Express approval or agreement.
assert:State a fact or belief confidently and forcefully.
asserted:State a fact or belief confidently and forcefully.
asserting:State a fact or belief confidently and forcefully.
assertion:A confident and forceful statement of fact or belief.
assertions:A confident and forceful statement of fact or belief.
assertive:Having or showing a confident and forceful personality.
asserts:State a fact or belief confidently and forcefully.
asses:plural form of as, ass, ass
assess:Evaluate or estimate the nature, ability, or quality of.
assessed:Evaluate or estimate the nature, ability, or quality of.
assesses:Evaluate or estimate the nature, ability, or quality of.
assessing:Evaluate or estimate the nature, ability, or quality of.
assessment:The evaluation or estimation of the nature, quality, or ability of someone or something.
assessments:The action of assessing someone or something.
asset:A useful or valuable thing, person, or quality.
assets:A useful or valuable thing or person.
assiduous:Showing great care and perseverance.
assign:Allocate (a job or duty)
assignation:An appointment to meet someone in secret, typically one made by lovers.
assignations:An appointment to meet someone in secret, typically one made by lovers.
assigned:Allocate (a job or duty)
assigning:Allocate (a job or duty)
assignment:A task or piece of work assigned to someone as part of a job or course of study.
assignments:A task or piece of work allocated to someone as part of a job or course of study.
assigns:Allocate (a job or duty)
assimilate:Take in (information, ideas, or culture) and understand fully.
assimilated:Take in and understand fully (information or ideas)
assimilates:Take in and understand fully (information or ideas)
assimilating:Take in and understand fully (information or ideas)
assimilation:The process of taking in and fully understanding information or ideas.
assist:Help (someone), typically by doing a share of the work.
assistance:The action of helping someone with a job or task.
assistant:A person who ranks below a senior person.
assistants:A person who ranks below a senior person.
assisted:Help (someone), typically by doing a share of the work.
assisting:Help (someone), typically by doing a share of the work.
assists:Help (someone), typically by doing a share of the work.
associate:Connect (someone or something) with something else in one's mind.
associated:(of a person or thing) connected with something else.
associates:Connect (someone or something) with something else in one's mind.
associating:Connect (someone or something) with something else in one's mind.
association:(often in names) a group of people organized for a joint purpose.
associations:(often in names) a group of people organized for a joint purpose.
assorted:Of various sorts put together; miscellaneous.
assortment:A miscellaneous collection of things or people.
assortments:A miscellaneous collection of things or people.
assuage:Make (an unpleasant feeling) less intense.
assuaged:Make (an unpleasant feeling) less intense.
assuages:Make (an unpleasant feeling) less intense.
assuaging:Make (an unpleasant feeling) less intense.
assume:Suppose to be the case, without proof.
assumed:(of a manner or identity) taken on or adopted, sometimes falsely.
assumes:Suppose to be the case, without proof.
assuming:Arrogant or presumptuous.
assumption:A thing that is accepted as true or as certain to happen, without proof.
assumptions:A thing that is accepted as true or as certain to happen, without proof.
assurance:A positive declaration intended to give confidence; a promise.
assurances:A positive declaration intended to give confidence; a promise.
assure:Tell someone something positively or confidently to dispel any doubts they may have.
assured:Confident.
assures:Tell someone something positively to dispel any doubts.
assuring:Tell someone something positively to dispel any doubts.
assyria:An ancient country in what is now northern Iraq. From the early part of the 2nd millennium BC, Assyria was the center of a succession of empires.
assyrian:An inhabitant of ancient Assyria.
aster:A plant of the daisy family that has bright rayed flowers, typically of purple or pink.
asterisked:(of a word or piece of text) marked with an asterisk.
asteroid:A small rocky body orbiting the sun. Large numbers of these, ranging in size from nearly 600 miles (1,000 km) across (Ceres) to dust particles, are found (as the asteroid belt) especially between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter, though some have more eccentric orbits, and a few pass close to the earth or enter the atmosphere as meteors.
asters:A plant of a large genus that includes the Michaelmas daisy, typically having purple or pink rayed flowers.
asthma:A respiratory condition marked by spasms in the bronchi of the lungs, causing difficulty in breathing. It usually results from an allergic reaction or other forms of hypersensitivity.
astigmatism:A defect in the eye or in a lens caused by a deviation from spherical curvature, which results in distorted images, as light rays are prevented from meeting at a common focus.
astonish:Surprise or impress (someone) greatly.
astonished:Greatly surprised or impressed; amazed.
astonishes:Surprise or impress (someone) greatly.
astonishing:Extremely surprising or impressive; amazing.
astonishment:Great surprise.
astound:Shock or greatly surprise.
astounded:Shock or greatly surprise.
astounding:Surprisingly impressive or notable.
astoundingly:Surprisingly impressively or notably.
astounds:Shock or greatly surprise.
astraddle:With the legs stretched widely on each side of.
astral:Of, connected with, or resembling the stars.
astray:Away from the correct path or direction.
astringent:An astringent lotion applied to the skin to reduce bleeding from minor abrasions or as a cosmetic to make the skin less oily.
astrolabe:An instrument formerly used to make astronomical measurements, typically of the altitudes of celestial bodies, and in navigation for calculating latitude, before the development of the sextant. In its basic form (known from classical times), it consists of a disk with the edge marked in degrees and a pivoted pointer.
astrolabes:An instrument used to make astronomical measurements, typically of the altitudes of celestial bodies, and in navigation for calculating latitude, before the development of the sextant.
astrologers:A person who uses astrology to tell others about their character or to predict their future.
astrology:The study of the movements and relative positions of celestial bodies interpreted as having an influence on human affairs and the natural world.
astronaut:A person who is trained to travel in a spacecraft.
astronautics:The science and technology of human space travel and exploration.
astronauts:A person who is trained to travel in a spacecraft.
astronomical:Relating to astronomy.
astute:Having or showing an ability to accurately assess situations or people and turn this to one's advantage.
asunder:Apart; divided.
aswan:A city on the Nile River in southern Egypt, 10 miles (16 km), north of Lake Nasser; population 266,000 (est. 2006). Two dams across the Nile have been built nearby. The controlled release of water from Lake Nasser behind the High Dam produces the greater part of Egypt's electricity.
asylum:The protection granted by a nation to someone who has left their native country as a political refugee.
asylums:The protection granted by a state to someone who has left their home country as a political refugee.
asymmetric:Having parts that fail to correspond to one another in shape, size, or arrangement; lacking symmetry.
asymmetrical:Having parts that fail to correspond to one another in shape, size, or arrangement; lacking symmetry.
asymptomatic:(of a condition or a person) producing or showing no symptoms.
asymptote:A line that continually approaches a given curve but does not meet it at any finite distance.
asymptotes:A straight line that continually approaches a given curve but does not meet it at any finite distance.
at:Expressing location or arrival in a particular place or position.
atavism:A tendency to revert to something ancient or ancestral.
atavistic:Relating to or characterized by reversion to something ancient or ancestral.
ate:past of eat
atelier:A workshop or studio, especially one used by an artist or designer.
atheism:Disbelief or lack of belief in the existence of God or gods.
atheist:A person who disbelieves or lacks belief in the existence of God or gods.
atheists:A person who disbelieves or lacks belief in the existence of God or gods.
athena:The patron goddess of Athens, worshiped as the goddess of wisdom, handicrafts, and warfare. She is often allegorized into a personification of wisdom.
athens:The capital of Greece, in the southern part of the country; population 745,500 (est. 2009). A flourishing city state in ancient Greece, it was an important cultural center in the 5th century BC. It came under Roman rule in 146 BC and fell to the Goths in AD 267. After its capture by the Turks in 1456, Athens declined to the status of a village until chosen as the capital of a newly independent Greece in 1834.
atherosclerosis:A disease of the arteries characterized by the deposition of plaques of fatty material on their inner walls.
athlete:A person who is proficient in sports and other forms of physical exercise.
athletes:A person who is proficient in sports and other forms of physical exercise.
athletic:Physically strong, fit, and active.
athleticism:The physical qualities that are characteristic of athletes, such as strength, fitness, and agility.
athletics:Physical sports and games of any kind.
atlanta:The capital of the state of Georgia in the US, in northwest central Georgia; population 537,958 (est. 2008). It was burned by Union forces under Gen. William T. Sherman in 1864 during the Civil War.
atlantic:short for Atlantic Ocean
atlas:A book of maps or charts.
atmosphere:The envelope of gases surrounding the earth or another planet.
atmospheres:The envelope of gases surrounding the earth or another planet.
atmospheric:Relating to the atmosphere of the earth or (occasionally) another planet.
atoll:A ring-shaped reef, island, or chain of islands formed of coral.
atom:The basic unit of a chemical element.
atomic:Relating to an atom or atoms.
atomicity:The number of atoms in the molecules of an element.
atoms:The smallest particle of a chemical element that can exist.
atone:Make amends or reparation.
atoned:Make amends or reparation.
atonement:Reparation for a wrong or injury.
atones:Make amends or reparation.
atoning:Make amends or reparation.
atop:On the top of.
atrocious:Horrifyingly wicked.
atrocities:An extremely wicked or cruel act, typically one involving physical violence or injury.
atrocity:An extremely wicked or cruel act, typically one involving physical violence or injury.
atrophied:(of body tissue or an organ) wasted away or rudimentary.
atrophies:(of body tissue or an organ) waste away, especially as a result of the degeneration of cells, or become vestigial during evolution.
atrophy:(of body tissue or an organ) waste away, especially as a result of the degeneration of cells, or become vestigial during evolution.
atrophying:(of body tissue or an organ) waste away, especially as a result of the degeneration of cells, or become vestigial during evolution.
atropine:A poisonous compound found in deadly nightshade and related plants. It is used in medicine as a muscle relaxant, e.g. in dilating the pupil of the eye.
attach:Fasten; join.
attache:A person on the staff of an ambassador, typically with a specialized area of responsibility.
attached:Joined, fastened, or connected to something.
attaches:Join or fasten (something) to something else.
attaching:Join or fasten (something) to something else.
attachment:An extra part or extension that is or can be attached to something to perform a particular function.
attachments:An extra part or extension that is or may be attached to something to perform a particular function.
attack:Take aggressive action against (a place or enemy forces) with weapons or armed force, typically in a battle or war.
attacked:Take aggressive military action against (a place or enemy forces) with weapons or armed force.
attacker:A person or animal that attacks someone or something.
attackers:A person or animal that attacks someone or something.
attacking:Launching or engaging in a military or violent physical attack.
attacks:Take aggressive military action against (a place or enemy forces) with weapons or armed force.
attain:Succeed in achieving (something that one desires and has worked for)
attainable:Able to be attained; achievable.
attained:Succeed in achieving (something that one has worked for)
attaining:Succeed in achieving (something that one has worked for)
attainment:The action or fact of achieving a goal toward which one has worked.
attains:Succeed in achieving (something that one has worked for)
attempt:Make an effort to achieve or complete (something, typically a difficult task or action)
attempted:Make an effort to achieve or complete (something difficult)
attempting:Make an effort to achieve or complete (something difficult)
attempts:Make an effort to achieve or complete (something difficult)
attend:Be present at (an event, meeting, or function)
attendance:The action or state of going regularly to or being present at a place or event.
attendant:A person employed to provide a service to the public in a particular place.
attendants:A person employed to provide a service to the public in a particular place.
attended:Be present at (an event, meeting, or function)
attending:Be present at (an event, meeting, or function)
attends:Be present at (an event, meeting, or function)
attention:Notice taken of someone or something; the regarding of someone or something as interesting or important.
attentional:Affecting or involving attention as a mental faculty.
attentive:Paying close attention to something.
attenuate:Reduce the force, effect, or value of.
attenuated:Having been reduced in force, effect, or value.
attenuator:A device consisting of an arrangement of resistors which reduces the strength of a radio or audio signal.
attenuators:A device consisting of an arrangement of resistors which reduces the strength of a radio or audio signal.
attest:Provide or serve as clear evidence of.
attested:Provide or serve as clear evidence of.
attesting:Provide or serve as clear evidence of.
attests:Provide or serve as clear evidence of.
attic:A space or room just below the roof of a building.
attics:A space or room inside or partly inside the roof of a building.
attila:(406–453), king of the Huns 434–453. He ravaged vast areas between the Rhine and the Caspian Sea before being defeated by the joint forces of the Roman army and the Visigoths at Châlons in 451.
attire:Be dressed in clothes of a specified kind.
attiring:Be dressed in clothes of a specified kind.
attitude:A settled way of thinking or feeling about someone or something, typically one that is reflected in a person's behavior.
attitudes:A settled way of thinking or feeling about something.
attitudinal:Relating to attitudes.
attorney:A person appointed to act for another in business or legal matters.
attorneys:A person, typically a lawyer, appointed to act for another in business or legal matters.
attract:Cause to come to a place or participate in a venture by offering something of interest, favorable conditions, or opportunities.
attracted:Cause to come to a place or participate in a venture by offering something of interest or advantage.
attracting:Cause to come to a place or participate in a venture by offering something of interest or advantage.
attraction:The action or power of evoking interest, pleasure, or liking for someone or something.
attractions:The action or power of evoking interest in or liking for someone or something.
attractive:(of a thing) pleasing or appealing to the senses.
attracts:Cause to come to a place or participate in a venture by offering something of interest or advantage.
attribute:Regard something as being caused by (someone or something)
attributed:Regard something as being caused by.
attributes:Regard something as being caused by.
attributing:Regard something as being caused by.
attributive:(of an adjective or noun) modifying a noun and part of the same noun phrase, in English generally preceding the noun, for example old in the old dog (but not in the dog is old) and expiry in expiry date.
attrition:The action or process of gradually reducing the strength or effectiveness of someone or something through sustained attack or pressure.
attune:Make receptive or aware.
attuned:Receptive or aware.
atypical:Not representative of a type, group, or class.
aubergine:The purple egg-shaped fruit of a tropical Old World plant, which is eaten as a vegetable; an eggplant.
aubergines:The purple egg-shaped fruit of a tropical Old World plant, which is eaten as a vegetable.
auburn:A reddish-brown color.
auction:Sell or offer for sale at an auction.
audacious:Showing a willingness to take surprisingly bold risks.
audacity:A willingness to take bold risks.
audible:A change in the offensive play called by the quarterback at the line of scrimmage.
audience:The assembled spectators or listeners at a public event, such as a play, movie, concert, or meeting.
audiences:The assembled spectators or listeners at a public event such as a play, film, concert, or meeting.
audio:Sound, especially when recorded, transmitted, or reproduced.
audit:Conduct an official financial examination of (an individual's or organization's accounts)
audited:Conduct an official financial inspection of (a company or its accounts)
auditing:Conduct an official financial inspection of (a company or its accounts)
auditorium:The part of a theater, concert hall, or other public building in which the audience sits.
audits:Conduct an official financial inspection of (a company or its accounts)
augite:A dark green or black aluminosilicate mineral of the pyroxene group. It occurs in many igneous rocks, including basalt, gabbro, and diabase.
augment:Make (something) greater by adding to it; increase.
augmentation:The action or process of making or becoming greater in size or amount.
augmentations:The action or process of making or becoming greater in size or amount.
augmented:Having been made greater in size or value.
augmenting:Make (something) greater by adding to it; increase.
augments:Make (something) greater by adding to it; increase.
augur:(of an event or circumstance) portend a good or bad outcome.
augured:(of an event or circumstance) portend a good or bad outcome.
augurs:(of an event or circumstance) portend a good or bad outcome.
augury:A sign of what will happen in the future; an omen.
august:Respected and impressive.
augustus:(63 BC–AD 14), the first Roman emperor; born Gaius Octavius ; also called (until 27 BC) Octavian. He was adopted by the will of his great-uncle Julius Caesar and gained supreme power by his defeat of Antony in 31 BC. In 27 BC he was given the title Augustus (“venerable”) and became in effect the first Roman emperor.
auk:A short-winged diving seabird found in northern oceans, typically with a black head and black and white underparts.
auks:A short-winged diving seabird found in northern oceans, typically with a black head and black and white underparts.
aunt:The sister of one's father or mother or the wife of one's uncle.
aunts:The sister of one's father or mother or the wife of one's uncle.
aura:The distinctive atmosphere or quality that seems to surround and be generated by a person, thing, or place.
aural:Relating to the ear or the sense of hearing.
auras:The distinctive atmosphere or quality that seems to surround and be generated by a person, thing, or place.
auriculas:An Alpine primula from which a wide range of flowering cultivars have been developed. It has leaves that supposedly resemble bears' ears.
aurora:A natural electrical phenomenon characterized by the appearance of streamers of reddish or greenish light in the sky, usually near the northern or southern magnetic pole.
auspices:A divine or prophetic token.
auspicious:Conducive to success; favorable.
aussie:A person from Australia.
aussies:A person from Australia.
austere:Severe or strict in manner, attitude, or appearance.
austerity:Sternness or severity of manner or attitude.
australian:A native or inhabitant of Australia, or a person of Australian descent.
austria:A republic in central Europe; population 8,600,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Vienna; official language, German.
auteur:A filmmaker whose personal influence and artistic control over a movie are so great that the filmmaker is regarded as the author of the movie.
authentic:Of undisputed origin; genuine.
authenticate:Prove or show (something, especially a claim or an artistic work) to be true or genuine.
authenticated:Prove or show (something) to be true, genuine, or valid.
authenticates:Prove or show (something) to be true, genuine, or valid.
authenticating:Prove or show (something) to be true, genuine, or valid.
authenticity:The quality of being authentic.
author:Be the author of (a book or piece of writing)
authored:Be the author of (a book or piece of writing)
authoress:A female author.
authorial:Belonging or relating to the writer of a book, article, or document.
authoring:The creation of programs and databases for computer applications such as computer-assisted learning or multimedia products.
authorisation:The action of authorizing.
authorise:Give official permission for or approval to (an undertaking or agent)
authorised:Having official permission or approval.
authorises:Give official permission for or approval to (an undertaking or agent)
authorising:Give official permission for or approval to (an undertaking or agent)
authoritarian:An authoritarian person.
authoritarians:An authoritarian person.
authoritative:Able to be trusted as being accurate or true; reliable.
authorities:The power or right to give orders, make decisions, and enforce obedience.
authority:The power or right to give orders, make decisions, and enforce obedience.
authors:Be the author of (a book or piece of writing)
autism:A developmental disorder of variable severity that is characterized by difficulty in social interaction and communication and by restricted or repetitive patterns of thought and behavior.
autistic:A person affected by autism.
auto:An automobile.
autobahn:A German, Austrian, or Swiss expressway.
autobahns:A German, Austrian, or Swiss motorway.
autobiographical:(of a written work) dealing with the writer's own life.
autobiographies:An account of a person's life written by that person.
autobiography:An account of a person's life written by that person.
autocracies:A system of government by one person with absolute power.
autocracy:A system of government by one person with absolute power.
autocrat:A ruler who has absolute power.
autocratic:Relating to a ruler who has absolute power.
autocrats:A ruler who has absolute power.
autocue:A device which projects an enlarged image of a script on to a clear glass screen in front of a person speaking on television or in public, so enabling the speaker to read their speech while appearing to be looking at the viewers or audience.
autograph:(of a celebrity) write one's signature on (something); sign.
autographed:Bearing a person's signature; signed.
autographing:Write one's signature on (something); sign.
autographs:Write one's signature on (something); sign.
autoimmune:Relating to disease caused by antibodies or lymphocytes produced against substances naturally present in the body.
automate:Convert (a process or facility) to largely automatic operation.
automated:Operated by largely automatic equipment.
automatic:A gun that continues firing until the ammunition is exhausted or the pressure on the trigger is released.
automatics:A gun that continues firing until the ammunition is exhausted or the pressure on the trigger is released.
automobile:A road vehicle, typically with four wheels, powered by an internal combustion engine or electric motor and able to carry a small number of people.
automorphism:A transformation or correspondence that relates a set, space, etc., to itself; specifically an isomorphism of a structure with itself.
automotive:Relating to or concerned with motor vehicles.
autonomous:(of a country or region) having the freedom to govern itself or control its own affairs.
autonomy:The right or condition of self-government.
autopsies:Perform an autopsy on (a body or organ)
autopsy:Perform a postmortem examination on (a body or organ)
autumn:The third season of the year, when crops and fruits are gathered and leaves fall, in the northern hemisphere from September to November and in the southern hemisphere from March to May.
auxiliaries:An auxiliary person or thing.
auxiliary:A person or thing providing supplementary or additional help and support.
avail:Help or benefit.
available:Able to be used or obtained; at someone's disposal.
availed:Help or benefit.
availing:Help or benefit.
avails:Help or benefit.
avalanche:A mass of snow, ice, and rocks falling rapidly down a mountainside.
avalanches:(of a mass of snow, ice, etc.) descend rapidly down a mountainside.
avalanching:(of a mass of snow, ice, etc.) descend rapidly down a mountainside.
avarice:Extreme greed for wealth or material gain.
avaricious:Having or showing an extreme greed for wealth or material gain.
ave:short for Ave Maria
avenge:Inflict harm in return for (an injury or wrong done to oneself or another)
avenged:Inflict harm in return for (an injury or wrong done to oneself or another)
avenger:A person who exacts punishment or inflicts harm in return for an injury or wrong.
avenges:Inflict harm in return for (an injury or wrong done to oneself or another)
avenging:Inflict harm in return for (an injury or wrong done to oneself or another)
avens:A plant of the rose family, typically having serrated, divided leaves and seeds bearing small hooks. Several kinds are grown in gardens.
avenue:A broad road in a town or city, typically having trees at regular intervals along its sides.
avenues:A broad road in a town or city, typically having trees at regular intervals along its sides.
aver:State or assert to be the case.
average:Achieve or amount to as an average rate or amount over a period of time.
averaged:Amount to or achieve as an average rate or amount over a period of time; mean.
averages:Amount to or achieve as an average rate or amount over a period of time; mean.
averaging:Amount to or achieve as an average rate or amount over a period of time; mean.
averred:State or assert to be the case.
averring:State or assert to be the case.
avers:State or assert to be the case.
averse:Having a strong dislike of or opposition to something.
aversion:A strong dislike or disinclination.
aversions:A strong dislike or disinclination.
avert:Turn away (one's eyes or thoughts)
averted:Turn away (one's eyes or thoughts)
averting:Turn away (one's eyes or thoughts)
averts:Turn away (one's eyes or thoughts)
avian:A bird.
aviator:A pilot.
aviators:A pilot.
avid:Having or showing a keen interest in or enthusiasm for something.
avidity:Extreme eagerness or enthusiasm.
avionics:Electronics as applied to aviation.
avocado:A pear-shaped fruit with a rough leathery skin, smooth oily edible flesh, and a large stone.
avoid:Keep away from or stop oneself from doing (something)
avoidable:Able to be avoided or prevented.
avoided:Keep away from or stop oneself from doing (something)
avoiding:Keep away from or stop oneself from doing (something)
avoids:Keep away from or stop oneself from doing (something)
avow:Assert or confess openly.
avowed:That has been asserted, admitted, or stated publicly.
avowing:Assert or confess openly.
avulsion:The action of pulling or tearing away.
await:(of a person) wait for (an event)
awaited:Wait for (an event)
awaiting:Wait for (an event)
awaits:Wait for (an event)
awake:Stop sleeping; wake from sleep.
awaken:Rouse from sleep; cause to stop sleeping.
awakened:Rouse from sleep; cause to stop sleeping.
awakening:An act of waking from sleep.
awakenings:An act of waking from sleep.
awakens:Rouse from sleep; cause to stop sleeping.
awakes:Stop sleeping; wake from sleep.
awaking:Stop sleeping; wake from sleep.
award:Give or order the giving of (something) as an official payment, compensation, or prize to (someone)
awarded:Give or order the giving of (something) as an official payment, compensation, or prize to (someone)
awarding:Give or order the giving of (something) as an official payment, compensation, or prize to (someone)
awards:Give or order the giving of (something) as an official payment, compensation, or prize to (someone)
aware:Having knowledge or perception of a situation or fact.
awareness:Knowledge or perception of a situation or fact.
awash:Covered or flooded with water, especially seawater or rain.
away:To or at a distance from a particular place, person, or thing.
awe:Inspire with awe.
awed:Filled with awe or wonder.
awesome:Extremely well; excellently.
awesomely:In an extremely impressive or daunting way.
awesomeness:The quality of being extremely impressive or daunting.
awestruck:Filled with or revealing awe.
awful:Awfully; very.
awfully:(used especially in spoken English) very.
awhile:For a short time.
awkward:Causing difficulty; hard to do or deal with.
awkwardness:The quality of being awkward.
awning:A sheet of canvas or other material stretched on a frame and used to keep the sun or rain off a storefront, window, doorway, or deck.
awnings:A sheet of canvas or other material stretched on a frame and used to keep the sun or rain off a shop window, doorway, or ship's deck.
awoke:Stop sleeping; wake from sleep.
awoken:Stop sleeping; wake from sleep.
awry:Away from the appropriate, planned, or expected course; amiss.
axe:End, cancel, or dismiss suddenly and ruthlessly.
axed:End, cancel, or dismiss suddenly and ruthlessly.
axeman:A man who works, fights, or commits violent attacks with an axe.
axes:End, cancel, or dismiss suddenly and ruthlessly.
axing:End, cancel, or dismiss suddenly and ruthlessly.
axiom:A statement or proposition which is regarded as being established, accepted, or self-evidently true.
axiomatic:Self-evident or unquestionable.
axiomatising:Express (a theory) as a set of axioms.
axioms:A statement or proposition which is regarded as being established, accepted, or self-evidently true.
axis:An imaginary line about which a body rotates.
axle:A rod or spindle (either fixed or rotating) passing through the center of a wheel or group of wheels.
axles:A rod or spindle (either fixed or rotating) passing through the centre of a wheel or group of wheels.
axolotl:A Mexican salamander that in natural conditions retains its aquatic larval form throughout life but is able to breed.
axon:The long threadlike part of a nerve cell along which impulses are conducted from the cell body to other cells.
axons:The long threadlike part of a nerve cell along which impulses are conducted from the cell body to other cells.
aye:An affirmative answer or assent, especially in voting.
ayurvedic:Relating to Ayurveda, the traditional Hindu system of medicine.
azalea:A deciduous flowering shrub of the heath family with clusters of brightly colored, sometimes fragrant flowers. Technically classified as rhododendrons, azaleas are characteristically smaller than most other rhododendrons.
azaleas:A deciduous flowering shrub with clusters of brightly coloured, sometimes fragrant flowers. Azaleas are typically smaller than other rhododendrons and there are numerous cultivars.
azimuth:The direction of a celestial object from the observer, expressed as the angular distance from the north or south point of the horizon to the point at which a vertical circle passing through the object intersects the horizon.
azores:A group of volcanic islands in the Atlantic Ocean, west of Portugal, a possession of Portugal but partially autonomous; population 244,780 (2007); capital, Ponta Delgada.
aztec:A member of the indigenous people dominant in Mexico before the Spanish conquest of the 16th century.
aztecs:A member of the indigenous people dominant in Mexico before the Spanish conquest of the 16th century.
azure:A bright blue color.
baa:(of a sheep or lamb) bleat.
baal:A fertility god whose cult was widespread in ancient Phoenician and Canaanite lands.
babas:A small, rich sponge cake, typically soaked in rum-flavoured syrup.
babble:Talk rapidly and continuously in a foolish, excited, or incomprehensible way.
babbled:Talk rapidly and continuously in a foolish, excited, or incomprehensible way.
babbler:An Old World songbird with a long tail, short rounded wings, and a loud, discordant or musical voice.
babbles:Talk rapidly and continuously in a foolish, excited, or incomprehensible way.
babbling:The action or fact of talking rapidly and continuously in a foolish, excited, or incomprehensible way.
babe:A sexually attractive young woman.
babel:A confused noise made by a number of voices.
babes:A sexually attractive young woman.
babies:Treat (someone) as a baby; pamper or be overprotective towards.
baboon:A large Old World ground-dwelling monkey with a long doglike snout, large teeth, and naked callosities on the buttocks. Baboons are social animals and live in troops.
baby:Treat (someone) as a baby; pamper or be overprotective toward.
babying:Treat (someone) as a baby; pamper or be overprotective towards.
babyish:(of appearance or behavior) characteristic of a baby.
babylon:An ancient city in Mesopotamia, the capital of Babylonia in the 2nd millennium BC. The city was on the banks of the Euphrates River and was noted for its luxury, its fortifications, and, particularly, for the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.
babysit:Look after a child or children while the parents are out.
baccarat:A gambling card game in which players hold two- or three-card hands, the winning hand being that giving the highest remainder when its face value is divided by ten.
bach:Used as a term of endearment, often after a personal name.
back:Give financial, material, or moral support to.
backache:Prolonged pain in one's back.
backbench:(in the UK) denoting or relating to a Member of Parliament who does not hold office in the government or opposition and who sits behind the front benches in the House of Commons.
backbencher:(in the UK) a Member of Parliament who does not hold office in the government or opposition and who sits behind the front benches in the House of Commons.
backbenchers:(in the UK) a Member of Parliament who does not hold office in the government or opposition and who sits behind the front benches in the House of Commons.
backbone:The series of vertebrae extending from the skull to the pelvis; the spine.
backbones:The series of vertebrae extending from the skull to the pelvis; the spine.
backchat:Rude or cheeky remarks made in reply to someone in authority.
backed:Give financial, material, or moral support to.
backer:A person, institution, or country that supports someone or something, especially financially.
backers:A person, institution, or country that supports someone or something, especially financially.
backfire:(of an engine) undergo a mistimed explosion in the cylinder or exhaust.
backfired:(of a vehicle or its engine) undergo a mistimed explosion in the cylinder or exhaust.
backfires:(of a vehicle or its engine) undergo a mistimed explosion in the cylinder or exhaust.
backfiring:(of a vehicle or its engine) undergo a mistimed explosion in the cylinder or exhaust.
backgammon:A board game in which two players move their pieces around twenty-four triangular points according to the throw of dice, the winner being the first to remove all their pieces from the board.
background:The area or scenery behind the main object of contemplation, especially when perceived as a framework for it.
backgrounds:Form a background to.
backhand:Strike with a backhanded blow or stroke.
backhanded:With the back of the hand or with the hand turned backward.
backing:Support or help.
backlash:A strong and adverse reaction by a large number of people, especially to a social or political development.
backless:(of a woman's garment) cut low at the back.
backlight:Illuminate from behind.
backlit:Illuminate from behind.
backlog:An accumulation of something, especially uncompleted work or matters that need to be dealt with.
backlogs:An accumulation of uncompleted work or matters needing to be dealt with.
backpedal:Move the pedals of a bicycle backward (formerly to brake).
backrest:A support for a person's back when the person is seated.
backs:Give financial, material, or moral support to.
backslapping:The action of effusively congratulating or encouraging someone, typically by slapping a person's back.
backslash:A backward-sloping diagonal line (\), used to separate file and folder names in some path statements.
backsliding:The action of relapsing into bad ways or error.
backspace:A key on a typewriter or computer keyboard that causes the carriage or cursor to move backward.
backspaces:Move a typewriter carriage or computer cursor backwards.
backspacing:Move a typewriter carriage or computer cursor backwards.
backstabbing:The action or practice of criticizing someone in a treacherous manner while feigning friendship.
backstroke:A swimming stroke performed on the back with the arms lifted alternately out of the water in a backward circular motion and the legs extended and kicking.
backtrack:Retrace one's steps.
backtracked:Retrace one's steps.
backtracking:Retrace one's steps.
backtracks:Retrace one's steps.
backup:Help or support.
backward:(of a movement) away from one's front; in the direction of one's back.
backwards:(of a movement) in the direction of one's back.
backwash:Clean (a filter) by reversing the flow of fluid through it.
backwoods:Remote uncleared forest land.
backyard:A yard behind a house or other building, typically surrounded by a fence.
bacon:Cured meat from the sides and belly of a pig, having distinct strips of fat and typically served in thin slices.
bacterial:Relating to or caused by bacteria.
bacteriological:Relating to bacteriology or bacteria.
bacteriology:The study of bacteria.
bacteriophage:A virus that parasitizes a bacterium by infecting it and reproducing inside it.
bad:Badly.
baddy:A villain or criminal in a book, film, etc.
bade:Offer (a certain price) for something, especially at an auction.
badge:Mark with a badge or other distinguishing emblem.
badged:Mark with a badge or other distinguishing emblem.
badger:Repeatedly ask (someone) to do something; pester.
badgered:Repeatedly ask (someone) to do something; pester.
badgering:Repeatedly ask (someone) to do something; pester.
badgers:Repeatedly ask (someone) to do something; pester.
badges:Mark with a badge or other distinguishing emblem.
badinage:Humorous or witty conversation.
badly:In an unsatisfactory, inadequate, or unsuccessful way.
badminton:A game with rackets in which a shuttlecock is played back and forth across a net.
baffle:Totally bewilder or perplex.
baffled:Totally bewilder or perplex.
baffles:Totally bewilder or perplex.
baffling:Impossible to understand; perplexing.
bag:Put (something) in a bag.
bagels:A dense bread roll in the shape of a ring, made by boiling dough and then baking it.
baggage:Personal belongings packed in suitcases for traveling; luggage.
baggages:Suitcases and bags containing personal belongings packed for travelling; luggage.
bagged:Put (something) in a bag.
baggier:Loose, wide-legged trousers or shorts.
baggiest:Loose, wide-legged trousers or shorts.
bagging:Criticism.
baggy:Loose and wide-legged pants, shorts, or swim trunks.
baghdad:The capital of Iraq, on the Tigris River; population 6,194,800 (est. 2009).
bagpipe:A musical instrument with reed pipes that are sounded by the pressure of wind emitted from a bag squeezed by the player's arm. Bagpipes are associated especially with Scotland, but are also used in folk music in Ireland, Northumberland, and France.
bagpipes:A musical instrument with reed pipes that are sounded by the pressure of wind emitted from a bag squeezed by the player's arm. Bagpipes are associated especially with Scotland, but are also used in folk music in Ireland, Northumberland, and France, and in varying forms across Europe and western Asia.
bags:Put (something) in a bag.
bah:An expression of contempt or disagreement.
bahamas:A country consisting of an archipelago off the southeastern coast of Florida, part of the West Indies; population 388,000 (estimated 2015); languages, English (official), Creole; capital, Nassau.
bail:Release or secure the release of (a prisoner) on payment of bail.
bailed:Release or secure the release of (a prisoner) on payment of bail.
bailiff:An official in a court of law who keeps order, looks after prisoners, etc.
bailing:Release or secure the release of (a prisoner) on payment of bail.
bailout:An act of giving financial assistance to a failing business or economy to save it from collapse.
bails:Release or secure the release of (a prisoner) on payment of bail.
bait:Deliberately annoy or taunt (someone)
baited:Deliberately annoy or taunt (someone)
baiting:Deliberately annoy or taunt (someone)
baits:Deliberately annoy or taunt (someone)
bake:Cook (food) by dry heat without direct exposure to a flame, typically in an oven or on a hot surface.
baked:(of food) cooked by dry heat in an oven.
bakehouse:A building or area in which bread is made.
baker:A person who makes bread and cakes, especially as a trade.
bakery:A place where bread and cakes are made or sold.
bakes:Cook (food) by dry heat without direct exposure to a flame, typically in an oven.
baking:Cook (food) by dry heat without direct exposure to a flame, typically in an oven.
baklavas:A dessert originating in the Middle East made of filo pastry filled with chopped nuts and soaked in honey.
balaclava:A close-fitting garment covering the whole head and neck except for parts of the face, typically made of wool.
balaclavas:A close-fitting garment covering the whole head and neck except for parts of the face, typically made of wool.
balalaika:A Russian musical instrument like a guitar with a triangular body, typically having three strings.
balance:Keep or put (something) in a steady position so that it does not fall.
balanced:Keeping or showing a balance; arranged in good proportions.
balances:Put (something) in a steady position so that it does not fall.
balancing:Put (something) in a steady position so that it does not fall.
balcony:A platform enclosed by a wall or balustrade on the outside of a building, with access from an upper-floor window or door.
bald:Having a scalp wholly or partly lacking hair.
balder:A son of Odin and god of the summer sun. He was invulnerable to all things except mistletoe, with which the god Loki, by a trick, induced the blind god Hödur to kill him.
balderdash:Senseless talk or writing; nonsense.
baldest:Having a scalp wholly or partly lacking hair.
balding:Going bald.
baldly:Without any extra detail or explanation; plainly; bluntly.
baldness:The condition of having a scalp wholly or partly lacking hair.
baldy:A baldheaded person.
bale:Make (something) into bales.
baled:Make up into bales.
baleful:Threatening harm; menacing.
bales:Make up into bales.
bali:A mountainous island in Indonesia, east of Java; chief city, Denpasar; population 3,470,700 (est. 2009). It is noted for its beauty and the richness of its culture.
baling:Make up into bales.
ball:Squeeze or form (something) into a rounded shape.
ballad:A poem or song narrating a story in short stanzas. Traditional ballads are typically of unknown authorship, having been passed on orally from one generation to the next as part of the folk culture.
ballade:A poem normally composed of three stanzas and an envoi. The last line of the opening stanza is used as a refrain, and the same rhymes, strictly limited in number, recur throughout.
ballades:A poem consisting of one or more triplets of stanzas with a repeated refrain and an envoi.
ballads:A poem or song narrating a story in short stanzas. Traditional ballads are typically of unknown authorship, having been passed on orally from one generation to the next.
ballerina:A female ballet dancer.
ballerinas:A female ballet dancer.
ballet:An artistic dance form performed to music using precise and highly formalized set steps and gestures. Classical ballet, which originated in Renaissance Italy and established its present form during the 19th century, is characterized by light, graceful, fluid movements and the use of pointe shoes.
ballets:An artistic dance form performed to music, using precise and highly formalized set steps and gestures. Classical ballet, which originated in Renaissance Italy and established its present form during the 19th century, is characterized by light, graceful movements and the use of pointe shoes with reinforced toes.
ballistic:Relating to projectiles or their flight.
ballistics:The science of projectiles and firearms.
balloon:A brightly colored rubber sac that is inflated with air and then sealed at the neck, used as a children's toy or a decoration.
ballooned:Swell out in a spherical shape.
ballooning:The sport or pastime of flying in a balloon.
balloonist:A person who flies in a balloon.
balloonists:A person who flies in a balloon.
balloons:Swell out in a spherical shape.
ballot:(of an organization) elicit a secret vote from (members) on a particular issue.
balloted:(of an organization) ask (members) to vote secretly on an issue.
balloting:(of an organization) ask (members) to vote secretly on an issue.
ballots:(of an organization) ask (members) to vote secretly on an issue.
ballpoint:A pen with a tiny ball as its writing point. The ball transfers ink from a cartridge to the paper.
ballroom:A large room used for dancing.
ballrooms:A large room for formal dancing.
balls:Testicles.
ballyhoo:Praise or publicize extravagantly.
balm:A fragrant ointment or preparation used to heal or soothe the skin.
balmier:Characterized by pleasantly warm weather.
balmiest:Characterized by pleasantly warm weather.
balmoral:A type of brimless round cocked hat with a cockade or ribbons attached, worn by certain Scottish regiments.
balms:A fragrant cream or liquid used to heal or soothe the skin.
balmy:(of the weather) pleasantly warm.
baloney:Foolish or deceptive talk; nonsense.
balsa:Very lightweight wood used chiefly for making models and rafts.
baltic:The Baltic Sea or the Baltic States.
baluster:A short pillar or column, typically decorative in design, in a series supporting a rail or coping.
balusters:A short decorative pillar forming part of a series supporting a rail or coping.
balustrades:A railing supported by balusters, especially one forming an ornamental parapet to a balcony, bridge, or terrace.
bambino:A baby or young child.
bamboo:A giant woody grass that grows chiefly in the tropics, where it is widely cultivated.
bamboos:A giant woody grass which is grown chiefly in the tropics.
bamboozle:Fool or cheat (someone)
bamboozled:Cheat or fool.
bamboozles:Cheat or fool.
ban:Officially or legally prohibit.
banal:So lacking in originality as to be obvious and boring.
banalities:The fact or condition of being banal; unoriginality.
banality:The fact or condition of being banal; unoriginality.
banana:A long curved fruit which grows in clusters and has soft pulpy flesh and yellow skin when ripe.
bananas:A long curved fruit which grows in clusters and has soft pulpy flesh and yellow skin when ripe.
band:Surround (an object) with something in the form of a strip or ring, typically for reinforcement or decoration.
bandage:Bind (a wound or a part of the body) with a protective strip of material.
bandaged:Bind (a wound or a part of the body) with a protective strip of material.
bandages:Bind (a wound or a part of the body) with a protective strip of material.
bandanna:A large handkerchief, typically having a colorful pattern, worn tied around the head or neck.
banded:Marked with a stripe or stripes of a different color.
bandied:(of a person's legs) curved outwards so that the knees are wide apart.
bandier:(of a person's legs) curved outwards so that the knees are wide apart.
bandiest:(of a person's legs) curved outwards so that the knees are wide apart.
banding:The presence or formation of visible stripes of contrasting color.
bandit:A robber or outlaw belonging to a gang and typically operating in an isolated or lawless area.
bandits:A robber or outlaw belonging to a gang and typically operating in an isolated or lawless area.
bandpass:The range of frequencies transmitted through a bandpass.
bands:Provide or fit (an object) with something in the form of a strip or ring, for reinforcement or decoration.
bandwagon:Used in reference to an activity, cause, etc. that is currently fashionable or popular and attracting increasing support.
bandwagons:Used in reference to an activity, cause, etc. that is currently fashionable or popular and attracting increasing support.
bandwidth:A range of frequencies within a given band, in particular that used for transmitting a signal.
bandwidths:A range of frequencies within a given band, in particular that used for transmitting a signal.
bane:A cause of great distress or annoyance.
bang:A sudden loud noise.
banged:Strike or put down (something) forcefully and noisily.
banger:A song with a loud, energetic beat that is good for dancing to.
banging:(of music) having a loud, energetic beat that is good for dancing to.
bangkok:The capital and chief port of Thailand, on the Chao Phraya waterway, 25 miles (40 km) upstream from its outlet into the Gulf of Thailand; population 5,705,100 (est. 2007).
bangle:A rigid bracelet or anklet.
bangles:A rigid ornamental band worn round the arm or occasionally the ankle.
bangs:Strike or put down (something) forcefully and noisily.
banish:Send (someone) away from a country or place as an official punishment.
banished:Send (someone) away from a country or place as an official punishment.
banishes:Send (someone) away from a country or place as an official punishment.
banishing:Send (someone) away from a country or place as an official punishment.
banishment:The punishment of being sent away from a country or other place.
banister:The structure formed by the uprights and handrail at the side of a staircase.
banisters:The structure formed by the uprights and handrail at the side of a staircase.
banjo:A stringed musical instrument with a long neck and a round open-backed body consisting of parchment stretched over a metal hoop like a tambourine, played by plucking or with a plectrum. It is used especially in American folk music.
bank:Heap (a substance) into a mass or mound.
bankable:(especially in the entertainment industry) certain to bring profit and success.
banked:Heap (a substance) into a mass or mound.
bankers:A person who manages or owns a bank or group of banks.
banking:The business conducted or services offered by a bank.
banknote:A piece of paper money, constituting a central bank's promissory note to pay a stated sum to the bearer on demand.
banknotes:A piece of paper money, constituting a central bank's promissory note to pay a stated sum to the bearer on demand.
bankrupt:Reduce (a person or organization) to bankruptcy.
bankruptcies:The state of being bankrupt.
bankruptcy:The state of being bankrupt.
bankrupted:Reduce (a person or organization) to bankruptcy.
bankrupting:Reduce (a person or organization) to bankruptcy.
bankrupts:Reduce (a person or organization) to bankruptcy.
banks:Heap (a substance) into a mass or mound.
banned:Officially or legally prohibit (something)
banner:A long strip of cloth bearing a slogan or design, hung in a public place or carried in a demonstration or procession.
banners:A long strip of cloth bearing a slogan or design, carried in a demonstration or procession or hung in a public place.
banning:Officially or legally prohibit (something)
bannister:The structure formed by the uprights and handrail at the side of a staircase.
bannisters:The structure formed by the uprights and handrail at the side of a staircase.
banns:A notice read out on three successive Sundays in a parish church, announcing an intended marriage and giving the opportunity for objections.
banquet:Entertain with a banquet.
banqueting:The holding of an elaborate, formal meal for many people.
banquets:Entertain with a banquet.
bans:Officially or legally prohibit (something)
banshee:(in Irish legend) a female spirit whose wailing warns of an impending death in a house.
banshees:(in Irish legend) a female spirit whose wailing warns of a death in a house.
bantam:A chicken of a small breed, the male of which is noted for its aggression.
bantams:A chicken of a small breed, the cock of which is noted for its aggression.
bantamweight:A weight in boxing and other sports intermediate between flyweight and featherweight. In boxing it ranges from 112 to 118 pounds (51 to 54 kg).
banter:The playful and friendly exchange of teasing remarks.
bantered:Exchange remarks in a good-humoured teasing way.
bantering:Characterized by good-humored teasing.
baobab:A short tree with an enormously thick trunk and large edible fruit. It can live to a great age.
baobabs:A short tree with a very thick trunk and large edible fruit, living to a great age.
bap:A large, round, flattish bread roll, typically with a spongy texture and floury top.
baptise:Administer baptism to (someone); christen.
baptised:Administer baptism to (someone); christen.
baptises:Administer baptism to (someone); christen.
baptising:Administer baptism to (someone); christen.
baptism:(in the Christian Church) the religious rite of sprinkling water onto a person's forehead or of immersion in water, symbolizing purification or regeneration and admission to the Christian Church. In many denominations, baptism is performed on young children and is accompanied by name-giving.
baptisms:The Christian religious rite of sprinkling water on to a person's forehead or of immersing them in water, symbolizing purification or regeneration and admission to the Christian Church. In many denominations, baptism is performed on young children and is accompanied by name-giving.
baptist:A member of a Protestant Christian denomination advocating baptism only of adult believers by total immersion. Baptists form one of the largest Protestant bodies and are found throughout the world and especially in the US.
baptists:A member of a Protestant Christian denomination advocating baptism only of adult believers by total immersion. Baptists form one of the largest Protestant bodies and are found throughout the world and especially in the US.
bar:Fasten (something, especially a door or window) with a bar or bars.
barb:A sharp projection near the end of an arrow, fishhook, or similar item, angled away from the main point so as to make extraction difficult.
barbarian:(in ancient times) a member of a community or tribe not belonging to one of the great civilizations (Greek, Roman, Christian)
barbarians:(in ancient times) a member of a people not belonging to one of the great civilizations (Greek, Roman, Christian)
barbaric:Savagely cruel; exceedingly brutal.
barbarities:Extreme cruelty or brutality.
barbarity:Extreme cruelty or brutality.
barbarous:Savagely cruel; exceedingly brutal.
barbecue:Cook (meat, fish, or other food) on a barbecue.
barbecued:Cook (food) on a barbecue.
barbecues:Cook (food) on a barbecue.
barbed:Having a barb or barbs.
barbels:A fleshy filament growing from the mouth or snout of a fish.
barber:Cut or trim (a man's hair)
barbers:Cut or trim (a man's hair)
barbie:A barbecue.
barbiturates:Any of a class of sedative and sleep-inducing drugs derived from barbituric acid.
barbs:A sharp projection near the end of an arrow, fish hook, or similar object, which is angled away from the main point so as to make extraction difficult.
barcode:Mark with a barcode.
bard:A poet, traditionally one reciting epics and associated with a particular oral tradition.
bards:A poet, traditionally one reciting epics and associated with a particular oral tradition.
bare:A large amount or number of.
bareback:On an unsaddled horse or other animal.
bared:Uncover (a part of the body or other thing) and expose it to view.
barefaced:Shameless and undisguised.
barely:Only just; almost not.
barer:Uncover (a part of the body or other thing) and expose it to view.
bares:Uncover (a part of the body or other thing) and expose it to view.
barest:Uncover (a part of the body or other thing) and expose it to view.
bargain:An agreement between two or more parties as to what each party will do for the other.
bargained:Negotiate the terms and conditions of a transaction.
bargaining:Negotiate the terms and conditions of a transaction.
bargains:Negotiate the terms and conditions of a transaction.
barge:Move forcefully or roughly.
barged:Move forcefully or roughly.
bargepole:A long pole used to propel a barge and fend off obstacles.
barges:Move forcefully or roughly.
barging:Move forcefully or roughly.
baring:Uncover (a part of the body or other thing) and expose it to view.
baritone:An adult male singing voice between tenor and bass.
baritones:An adult male singing voice between tenor and bass.
barium:The chemical element of atomic number 56, a soft white reactive metal of the alkaline earth group.A mixture of barium sulfate and water, opaque to X-rays, which is swallowed to permit radiological examination of the stomach or intestines.
bark:(of a dog or other animal) emit a bark.
barked:(of a tree or woody shrub) having bark of a specified kind.
barker:A person who stands in front of a theater, sideshow, etc., and calls out to passersby to attract customers.
barking:Completely mad or demented.
barks:(of a dog, fox, or seal) give a bark.
barley:A hardy cereal that has coarse bristles extending from the ears. It is widely cultivated, chiefly for use in brewing and stockfeed.
barleycorn:A grain of barley.
barleycorns:A grain of barley.
barmaid:A waitress who serves drinks in a bar.
barmaids:A woman serving behind the bar of a pub or hotel.
barman:A male bartender.
barmen:A man serving behind the bar of a pub or hotel.
barn:A large farm building used for storing grain, hay, or straw or for housing livestock.
barnacle:A marine crustacean with an external shell, which attaches itself permanently to a variety of surfaces. Barnacles feed by filtering particles from the water using their modified feathery legs.
barnacles:A marine crustacean with an external shell, which attaches itself permanently to a surface and feeds by filtering particles from the water using its modified feathery legs.
barns:A large farm building used for storing grain, hay, or straw or for housing livestock.
barnstorming:(of a performance or performer) flamboyantly energetic and successful.
barnyard:The area of open ground around a barn.
barometers:An instrument measuring atmospheric pressure, used especially in forecasting the weather and determining altitude.
baron:A member of the lowest order of the British nobility. The term “Baron” is not used as a form of address in Britain, barons usually being referred to as “Lord.”.
baronage:Barons or nobles collectively.
baronesses:The wife or widow of a baron. Baroness is not used as a form of address, baronesses usually being referred to as ‘Lady’.
baronets:A member of the lowest hereditary titled British order, with the status of a commoner but able to use the prefix ‘Sir’.
baronies:The rank and estates of a baron.
barons:A member of the lowest order of the British nobility. Baron is not used as a form of address, barons usually being referred to as ‘Lord’.
barony:The rank and estates of a baron.
baroque:The baroque style or period.
barrack:Provide (soldiers) with accommodations in a building or set of buildings.
barracking:Provide (soldiers) with accommodation in a building or set of buildings.
barracks:A building or group of buildings used to house soldiers.
barracuda:A large predatory tropical marine fish with a slender body and large jaws and teeth.
barrage:Bombard (someone) with something.
barrages:Bombard (someone) with questions, criticisms, complaints, etc.
barre:A horizontal bar at waist level on which ballet dancers rest a hand for support during certain exercises.
barred:Closed or secured with a long rod or rigid piece of wood, metal, or similar material.
barrel:Drive or move in a way that is so fast as to almost be out of control.
barrelled:Drive or move in a way that is so fast as to almost be out of control.
barrels:Drive or move in a way that is so fast as to almost be out of control.
barren:A barren tract or tracts of land.
barricade:Block or defend with an improvised barrier.
barricaded:Block or defend with a barricade.
barricades:Block or defend with a barricade.
barrier:A fence or other obstacle that prevents movement or access.
barriers:A fence or other obstacle that prevents movement or access.
barring:Except for; if not for.
barrister:A lawyer entitled to practice as an advocate, particularly in the higher courts.
barristers:A person called to the bar and entitled to practise as an advocate, particularly in the higher courts.
barrow:A wheelbarrow.
barrows:A two-wheeled handcart used especially by street vendors.
bars:Fasten (something, especially a door or window) with a bar or bars.
bart:Baronet.
bartender:A person who mixes and serves drinks at a bar.
barter:Exchange (goods or services) for other goods or services without using money.
bartered:Exchange (goods or services) for other goods or services without using money.
bartering:Exchange (goods or services) for other goods or services without using money.
basal:Forming or belonging to a bottom layer or base.
basalt:A dark, fine-grained volcanic rock that sometimes displays a columnar structure. It is typically composed largely of plagioclase with pyroxene and olivine.
basalts:A dark fine-grained volcanic rock that sometimes displays a columnar structure, typically composed largely of plagioclase with pyroxene and olivine.
base:Have as the foundation for (something); use as a point from which (something) can develop.
baseball:A ball game played between two teams of nine on a field with a diamond-shaped circuit of four bases. It is played chiefly in the US, Canada, Latin America, and East Asia.
baseballs:A ball game played between two teams of nine on a diamond-shaped circuit of four bases. It is played chiefly as a warm-weather sport in the US and Canada.
based:Use (something specified) as the foundation or starting point for something.
baseless:Without foundation in fact.
baseline:A minimum or starting point used for comparisons.
baselines:A minimum or starting point used for comparisons.
basement:The floor of a building which is partly or entirely below ground level.
basements:The floor of a building which is partly or entirely below ground level.
baseness:Lack of moral principles; bad character.
baser:Use (something specified) as the foundation or starting point for something.
bases:plural form of base and basis
basest:Use (something specified) as the foundation or starting point for something.
bash:Strike hard and violently.
bashed:Strike hard and violently.
bashes:Strike hard and violently.
bashful:Reluctant to draw attention to oneself; shy.
bashing:Violent physical assault.
basic:The essential facts or principles of a subject or skill.
basically:In the most essential respects; fundamentally.
basics:The essential facts or principles of a subject or skill.
basify:Change into a base; alkalize.
basil:An aromatic annual herb of the mint family, native to tropical Asia.
basilica:A large oblong hall or building with double colonnades and a semicircular apse, used in ancient Rome as a court of law or for public assemblies.
basin:A bowl for washing, typically attached to a wall and having faucets connected to a water supply; a washbasin.
basing:Use (something specified) as the foundation or starting point for something.
basins:A bowl for washing, typically attached to a wall and having taps connected to a water supply; a washbasin.
basis:The underlying support or foundation for an idea, argument, or process.
bask:Lie exposed to warmth and light, typically from the sun, for relaxation and pleasure.
basked:Lie exposed to warmth and light, typically from the sun, for relaxation and pleasure.
basket:A container used to hold or carry things, typically made from interwoven strips of cane or wire.
basketball:A game played between two teams of five players in which goals are scored by throwing a ball through a netted hoop fixed above each end of the court.
basketry:The craft of basket-making.
baskets:A container used to hold or carry things, typically made from interwoven strips of cane or wire.
basking:Lie exposed to warmth and light, typically from the sun, for relaxation and pleasure.
basks:Lie exposed to warmth and light, typically from the sun, for relaxation and pleasure.
basque:A close-fitting bodice extending from the shoulders to the waist and typically with a short continuation below waist level.
bass:The lowest adult male singing voice.
basses:The lowest adult male singing voice.
bassist:A person who plays a double bass or bass guitar.
bassoon:A bass instrument of the oboe family with a double reed.
bassoons:A bass woodwind instrument of the oboe family, with a doubled-back tube over four feet long, played with a double reed.
bastard:An unpleasant or despicable person.
bastardise:Change (something) in such a way as to lower its quality or value, typically by adding new elements.
bastardised:(of a version of something) lower in quality or value than the original form, typically as a result of the addition of new elements.
bastards:An unpleasant or despicable person.
bastardy:The state of being born to parents who are not married to each other; illegitimacy.
baste:Pour juices or melted fat over (meat) during cooking in order to keep it moist.
basted:Pour fat or juices over (meat) during cooking in order to keep it moist.
basting:Pour fat or juices over (meat) during cooking in order to keep it moist.
bastion:A projecting part of a fortification built at an angle to the line of a wall, so as to allow defensive fire in several directions.
bastions:A projecting part of a fortification built at an angle to the line of a wall, so as to allow defensive fire in several directions.
bat:(of a team or a player in sports such as baseball) take in turns the role of hitting rather than fielding.
batch:Arrange (things) in sets or groups.
batched:Arrange (things) in sets or groups.
batches:Arrange (things) in sets or groups.
batching:Arrange (things) in sets or groups.
bate:An angry mood.
bates:An angry mood.
bath:Wash (someone) while immersing him or her in a container of water.
bathe:Wash by immersing one's body in water.
bathed:Wash (someone) while immersing them in a bath.
bather:A person swimming or spending time in the water.
bathers:A person swimming or spending time in the water.
bathes:Wash by immersing one's body in water.
bathetic:Producing an unintentional effect of anticlimax.
bathhouse:A building containing baths for communal use.
bathing:Wash (someone) while immersing them in a bath.
bathos:(especially in a work of literature) an effect of anticlimax created by an unintentional lapse in mood from the sublime to the trivial or ridiculous.
bathrobe:A robe, typically made of terry cloth, worn especially before and after taking a bath.
bathroom:A room containing a toilet and sink and typically also a bathtub or shower.
bathrooms:A room containing a bath or shower and typically also a washbasin and a toilet.
baths:Wash (someone) while immersing them in a bath.
bathtub:A tub, usually installed in a bathroom, in which to bathe.
bathtubs:A bath.
bathwater:The water in a bath.
batik:A method (originally used in Java) of producing colored designs on textiles by dyeing them, having first applied wax to the parts to be left undyed.
batiks:A method (originally used in Java) of producing coloured designs on textiles by dyeing them, having first applied wax to the parts to be left undyed.
bating:An angry mood.
batman:(in the British armed forces) an officer's personal servant.
batmen:(in the British armed forces) an officer's personal servant.
baton:A thin stick used by a conductor to direct an orchestra or choir.
batons:A thin stick used by a conductor to direct an orchestra or choir.
bats:(of a person) crazy; insane.
batsman:A player, especially in baseball and cricket, who is batting or whose chief skill is in batting.
batsmen:A player, especially in cricket, who is batting or whose chief skill is in batting.
battalion:A large body of troops ready for battle, especially an infantry unit forming part of a brigade typically commanded by a lieutenant colonel.
battalions:A large body of troops ready for battle, especially an infantry unit forming part of a brigade.
batted:(of a sports team or player) take the role of hitting rather than throwing the ball.
batten:Strengthen or fasten (something) with battens.
battened:Strengthen or fasten (something) with battens.
battening:The application or addition of battens.
battens:Strengthen or fasten (something) with battens.
batter:Strike repeatedly with hard blows.
battered:Injured by repeated blows or punishment.
batteries:A container consisting of one or more cells, in which chemical energy is converted into electricity and used as a source of power.
battering:The action of striking repeatedly with hard blows.
batters:Strike repeatedly with hard blows.
battery:A container consisting of one or more cells, in which chemical energy is converted into electricity and used as a source of power.
batting:The action of hitting with or using a bat, especially in cricket or baseball.
battle:A sustained fight between large organized armed forces.
battleaxe:A large broad-bladed axe used in ancient warfare.
battled:Struggle tenaciously to achieve or resist something.
battledress:Combat dress, particularly as worn by British soldiers during the Second World War.
battlefield:The piece of ground on which a battle is or was fought.
battlefields:The piece of ground on which a battle is or was fought.
battleground:The piece of ground on which a battle is or was fought.
battlement:A parapet at the top of a wall, especially of a fort or castle, that has regularly spaced squared openings for shooting through.
battlements:A parapet at the top of a wall, especially of a fort or castle, that has regularly spaced squared openings for shooting through.
battler:A person who battles or fights.
battles:Struggle tenaciously to achieve or resist something.
battleship:A heavy warship of a type built chiefly in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, with extensive armor and large-caliber guns.
battling:Struggle tenaciously to achieve or resist something.
batty:Crazy; insane.
bauble:A small, showy trinket or decoration.
baubles:A small, showy trinket or decoration.
baud:A unit of transmission speed equal to the number of times a signal changes state per second. For one baud is equivalent to one bit per second.
baulk:Hesitate or be unwilling to accept an idea or undertaking.
baulked:Hesitate or be unwilling to accept an idea or undertaking.
baulking:Hesitate or be unwilling to accept an idea or undertaking.
baulks:Hesitate or be unwilling to accept an idea or undertaking.
baulky:Awkward; uncooperative.
bauxite:An amorphous clayey rock that is the chief commercial ore of aluminum. It consists largely of hydrated alumina with variable proportions of iron oxides.
bavaria:A state of southern Germany, formerly an independent kingdom; capital, Munich.
bavarian:A native or inhabitant of Bavaria.
bawdier:Humorously indecent talk or writing.
bawdiest:Humorously indecent talk or writing.
bawdy:Humorously indecent talk or writing.
bawl:Weep or cry noisily.
bawled:Shout or call out noisily and unrestrainedly.
bawling:Weeping or crying noisily.
bawls:Shout or call out noisily and unrestrainedly.
bay:A broad inlet of the sea where the land curves inward.
bayed:A broad inlet of the sea where the land curves inwards.
baying:A broad inlet of the sea where the land curves inwards.
bayonet:Stab (someone) with a bayonet.
bayonets:Stab (someone) with a bayonet.
bays:A broad inlet of the sea where the land curves inwards.
bazaar:A market in a Middle Eastern country.
bazaars:A market in a Middle Eastern country.
bazooka:A short-range tubular rocket launcher used against tanks.
bazookas:A short-range tubular rocket launcher used against tanks.
be:Exist.
beach:Run or haul up (a boat or ship) on to a beach.
beachcomber:A person who walks along a beach looking for valuable or interesting items.
beached:Hauled up or stranded on a beach.
beaches:Run or haul up (a boat or ship) on to a beach.
beachhead:A defended position on a beach taken from the enemy by landing forces, from which an attack can be launched.
beaching:Run or haul up (a boat or ship) on to a beach.
beachside:The area adjacent to a beach.
beachy:Relating to, suggestive of, or appropriate for a beach or a vacation spent at the beach.
beacon:A fire or light set up in a high or prominent position as a warning, signal, or celebration.
beacons:A fire or light set up in a high or prominent position as a warning, signal, or celebration.
bead:Decorate or cover with beads.
beaded:Decorated or covered with beads.
beadier:(of a person's eyes) small, round, and gleaming.
beadiest:(of a person's eyes) small, round, and gleaming.
beading:The craft or pastime of stringing beads together to make jewelry or other decorative items.
beadle:A ceremonial officer of a church, college, or similar institution.
beadles:A ceremonial officer of a church, college, or similar institution.
beads:Decorate or cover with beads.
beadwork:Decorative work made of beads.
beady:(of a person's eyes) small, round, and gleaming.
beagle:A small sturdy hound of a breed with a coat of medium length, bred especially for hunting.
beagles:Hunt with beagles.
beak:A bird's horny projecting jaws; a bill.
beaker:A lipped cylindrical glass container for laboratory use.
beakers:A drinking container, typically made of plastic, often with a lid for use by children.
beaks:A bird's horny projecting jaws; a bill.
beam:Transmit (a radio signal or broadcast) in a specified direction.
beamed:Transmit (a radio signal or broadcast) in a specified direction.
beaming:Smiling broadly; grinning.
beams:Transmit (a radio signal or broadcast) in a specified direction.
beamy:(of a ship) broad-beamed.
bean:Hit (someone) on the head.
beanbag:Indicate (a penalty) or charge (a player) with a penalty using a beanbag.
beanery:A cheap restaurant.
beanie:A small close-fitting hat worn on the back of the head.
beanpole:A stick for supporting bean plants.
beans:Hit (someone) on the head.
beanstalks:The stem of a bean plant, proverbially fast-growing and tall.
bear:Carry the weight of; support.
bearable:Able to be endured.
beard:Boldly confront or challenge (someone formidable)
bearded:Having a growth of hair on one's cheeks and chin.
beards:Boldly confront or challenge (someone formidable)
bearer:A person or thing that carries or holds something.
bearers:A person or thing that carries or holds something.
bearing:A person's way of standing or moving.
bearings:A person's way of standing or moving.
bears:Carry the weight of; support.
bearskin:The pelt of a bear, especially when used as a rug or wrap.
bearskins:The pelt of a bear, especially when used as a rug or wrap.
beast:An animal, especially a large or dangerous four-footed one.
beastliest:To an extreme and unpleasant degree.
beastly:Possessing a specified characteristic to an intense and unpleasant degree.
beasts:An animal, especially a large or dangerous four-footed one.
beat:Strike (a person or an animal) repeatedly and violently so as to hurt or injure them, typically with an implement such as a club or whip.
beaten:Having been defeated.
beater:A person who hits someone or something, typically on a habitual basis.
beaters:A person who hits someone or something, typically on a habitual basis.
beatific:Blissfully happy.
beatified:(in the Roman Catholic Church) announce the beatification of.
beatifies:(in the Roman Catholic Church) announce the beatification of.
beatify:(in the Roman Catholic Church) announce the beatification of.
beating:A punishment or assault in which the victim is hit repeatedly.
beatings:A punishment or assault in which the victim is hit repeatedly.
beatitude:Supreme blessedness.
beatitudes:Supreme blessedness.
beatniks:A young person in the 1950s and early 1960s belonging to a subculture associated with the beat generation.
beats:Strike (a person or an animal) repeatedly and violently so as to hurt or injure them, typically with an implement such as a club or whip.
beau:A boyfriend or male admirer.
beaus:A boyfriend or male admirer.
beautician:A person whose job is to do hair styling, manicures, and other beauty treatments.
beauties:A combination of qualities, such as shape, colour, or form, that pleases the aesthetic senses, especially the sight.
beautified:Improve the appearance of.
beautifies:Improve the appearance of.
beautiful:Pleasing the senses or mind aesthetically.
beautifully:In a way that pleases the senses or mind aesthetically.
beautify:Improve the appearance of.
beauts:A particularly fine example of something.
beauty:A combination of qualities, such as shape, color, or form, that pleases the aesthetic senses, especially the sight.
beaux:A boyfriend or male admirer.
beaver:A large semiaquatic broad-tailed rodent that is native to North America and northern Eurasia. It is noted for its habit of gnawing through tree trunks to fell the trees in order to feed on the bark and build dams.
beavering:Work hard.
beavers:Work hard.
becalmed:(of a sailing ship) unable to move through lack of wind.
became:Begin to be.
because:For the reason that; since.
beck:A mountain stream.
beckon:Make a gesture with the hand, arm, or head to encourage someone to come nearer or follow.
beckoned:Make a gesture with the hand, arm, or head to encourage or instruct someone to approach or follow.
beckoning:Make a gesture with the hand, arm, or head to encourage or instruct someone to approach or follow.
beckons:Make a gesture with the hand, arm, or head to encourage or instruct someone to approach or follow.
becks:A stream.
become:Begin to be.
becomes:Begin to be.
becoming:The process of coming to be something or of passing into a state.
bed:Settle down to sleep or rest for the night in an improvised place.
bedazzled:Greatly impress (someone) with outstanding ability or striking appearance.
bedbug:A bloodsucking bug which is a parasite of birds and mammals.
bedbugs:A bloodsucking bug which is a parasite of birds and mammals.
bedchamber:A bedroom.
bedclothes:Coverings for a bed, such as sheets and blankets.
bedcover:A bedspread.
bedded:(of rock) deposited in layers or strata, especially in a way specified.
bedder:A plant suitable for use as a bedding plant.
bedding:Coverings for a bed, such as sheets and blankets.
bedecked:Decorate.
bedecks:Decorate.
bedevil:(of something bad) cause great and continual trouble to.
bedevilled:(of something bad) cause great and continual trouble to.
bedevils:(of something bad) cause great and continual trouble to.
bedlam:A scene of uproar and confusion.
bedmaker:A person employed to clean and tidy students' rooms in a college, especially at Cambridge.
bedmakers:A person employed to clean and tidy students' rooms in a college, especially at Cambridge.
bedouin:A nomadic Arab of the desert.
bedouins:A nomadic Arab of the desert.
bedpan:A receptacle used by a bedridden patient as a toilet.
bedpans:A receptacle used by a bedridden patient for urine and faeces.
bedpost:Any of the four upright supports of a bedstead.
bedraggled:Dirty and disheveled.
bedridden:Confined to bed by sickness or old age.
bedrock:Solid rock underlying loose deposits such as soil or alluvium.
bedroom:A room for sleeping in.
bedrooms:A room for sleeping in.
beds:Settle down to sleep or rest for the night in an improvised place.
bedside:The space beside a bed, typically that of someone who is ill.
bedsit:A one-room apartment typically consisting of a combined bedroom and sitting room with cooking facilities.
bedsitter:A one-roomed unit of accommodation typically consisting of combined bedroom and sitting room with cooking facilities.
bedsitters:A one-roomed unit of accommodation typically consisting of combined bedroom and sitting room with cooking facilities.
bedsore:A sore developed by an invalid because of pressure caused by lying in bed in one position.
bedsores:A sore developed by an invalid because of pressure caused by lying in bed in one position.
bedspread:A decorative cloth used to cover a bed.
bedspreads:A decorative cloth used to cover a bed when it is not in use.
bedstead:The framework of a bed on which the mattress is placed.
bedsteads:The framework of a bed on which the mattress and bedclothes are placed.
bedtime:The usual time when someone goes to bed.
bee:A honeybee.
beech:A large tree with smooth gray bark, glossy leaves, and hard, pale, fine-grained timber. Its fruit, the beechnut, is an important food for numerous wild birds and mammals.
beeches:A large tree with smooth grey bark, glossy leaves, and hard, pale fine-grained timber.The hard, pale fine-grained timber of the beech.
beechnut:The small triangular brown fruit of the beech tree, pairs of which are enclosed in a prickly case.
beef:The flesh of a cow, bull, or ox, used as food.
beefburger:A flat round cake of minced beef, fried or grilled and typically eaten in a bun.
beefburgers:A flat round cake of minced beef, fried or grilled and typically eaten in a bun.
beefcake:An attractive man with well-developed muscles.
beefeater:A Yeoman Warder or Yeoman of the Guard in the Tower of London.
beefier:Muscular or robust.
beefiest:Muscular or robust.
beefs:Complain.
beefy:Muscular or robust.
beehive:A dome-shaped or boxlike structure in which bees are kept.
beehives:A dome-shaped or boxlike structure in which bees are kept.
beekeepers:A person who owns and breeds bees, especially for their honey.
beeline:A straight line between two places.
beelines:A straight line between two places.
beep:A short, high-pitched sound emitted by electronic equipment or a vehicle horn.
beeping:(of a horn or electronic device) produce a beep.
beeps:(of a horn or electronic device) produce a beep.
beer:An alcoholic drink made from yeast-fermented malt flavored with hops.
beers:An alcoholic drink made from yeast-fermented malt flavoured with hops.
beery:Relating to or characterized by the drinking of beer, typically in large amounts.
bees:A stinging winged insect which collects nectar and pollen, produces wax and honey, and lives in large communities.
beeswax:Polish (furniture) with beeswax.
beet:A herbaceous plant widely cultivated as a source of food for humans and livestock, and for processing into sugar. Some varieties are grown for their leaves and some for their large nutritious root.
beetle:Make one's way hurriedly or with short, quick steps.
beetles:Make one's way hurriedly.
beets:A herbaceous plant widely cultivated as a source of food for humans and livestock, and for processing into sugar. Some varieties are grown for their leaves and some for their large nutritious root.
befall:(of something bad) happen to someone.
befallen:(especially of something bad) happen to (someone)
befalling:(especially of something bad) happen to (someone)
befalls:(especially of something bad) happen to (someone)
befell:(especially of something bad) happen to (someone)
befit:Be appropriate for; suit.
befits:Be appropriate for; suit.
befitted:Be appropriate for; suit.
befitting:Appropriate to the occasion.
before:During the period of time preceding a particular event or time.
beforehand:Before an action or event; in advance.
befriend:Act as a friend to (someone) by offering help or support.
befriended:Act as or become a friend to (someone), especially when they are in need of help or support.
befriending:Act as or become a friend to (someone), especially when they are in need of help or support.
befriends:Act as or become a friend to (someone), especially when they are in need of help or support.
befuddled:Unable to think clearly; confused or perplexed.
befuddling:Confusing or perplexing.
beg:Ask (someone) earnestly or humbly for something.
began:Perform or undergo the first part of (an action or activity)
begat:(especially of a man) bring (a child) into existence by the process of reproduction.
beget:(typically of a man, sometimes of a man and a woman) bring (a child) into existence by the process of reproduction.
begets:(especially of a man) bring (a child) into existence by the process of reproduction.
begetting:(especially of a man) bring (a child) into existence by the process of reproduction.
beggar:Reduce (someone) to poverty.
beggared:Reduce (someone) to poverty.
beggarly:Pitifully or deplorably meager or bad.
beggars:Reduce (someone) to poverty.
beggary:A state of extreme poverty.
begged:Ask someone earnestly or humbly for something.
begging:Ask someone earnestly or humbly for something.
begin:Start; perform or undergo the first part of (an action or activity)
beginner:A person just starting to learn a skill or take part in an activity.
beginners:A person just starting to learn a skill or take part in an activity.
beginning:The point in time or space at which something starts.
beginnings:The point in time or space at which something begins.
begins:Perform or undergo the first part of (an action or activity)
begone:Go away (as an expression of annoyance)
begonias:A herbaceous plant of warm climates, the flowers of which have brightly coloured sepals but no petals. Numerous cultivars are grown for their flowers or striking foliage.
begot:(especially of a man) bring (a child) into existence by the process of reproduction.
begotten:(especially of a man) bring (a child) into existence by the process of reproduction.
begrudge:Envy (someone) the possession or enjoyment of (something)
begrudged:Envy (someone) the possession or enjoyment of (something)
begrudgingly:Reluctantly or resentfully.
begs:Ask someone earnestly or humbly for something.
beguile:Charm or enchant (someone), sometimes in a deceptive way.
beguiled:Charm or enchant (someone), often in a deceptive way.
beguiling:Charming or enchanting, often in a deceptive way.
begun:Perform or undergo the first part of (an action or activity)
behave:Act or conduct oneself in a specified way, especially toward others.
behaved:Conducting oneself in a specified way.
behaves:Act or conduct oneself in a specified way, especially towards others.
behaving:Act or conduct oneself in a specified way, especially towards others.
behaviour:The way in which one acts or conducts oneself, especially towards others.
behavioural:Involving, relating to, or emphasizing behaviour.
behaviourism:The theory that human and animal behaviour can be explained in terms of conditioning, without appeal to thoughts or feelings, and that psychological disorders are best treated by altering behaviour patterns.
behaviours:The way in which one acts or conducts oneself, especially towards others.
behead:Cut off the head of (someone), especially as a form of execution.
beheaded:Cut off the head of (someone), especially as a form of execution.
beheading:The action or an act of cutting off a person's head, especially as a form of execution.
beheld:See or observe (someone or something, especially of remarkable or impressive nature)
behemoth:A huge or monstrous creature.
behest:A person's orders or command.
behind:At or to the far side of (something), typically so as to be hidden by it.
behindhand:Late or slow in doing something, especially paying a debt.
behinds:At or to the far side of (something), typically so as to be hidden by it.
behold:See or observe (a thing or person, especially a remarkable or impressive one)
beholden:Owing thanks or having a duty to someone in return for help or a service.
beholder:A person who sees or observes someone or something.
beholders:A person who sees or observes someone or something.
beholding:See or observe (someone or something, especially of remarkable or impressive nature)
beholds:See or observe (someone or something, especially of remarkable or impressive nature)
behoved:It is a duty or responsibility for someone to do something.
behoves:It is a duty or responsibility for someone to do something.
beige:A pale sandy yellowish-brown color.
beijing:The capital of China, in the northeast of the country; population 8,580,400 (est. 2006). Beijing became the country's capital in 1421, at the start of the Ming period, and survived as the capital of the Republic of China after the revolution of 1912.
being:Existence.
beings:Existence.
beirut:The capital and chief port of Lebanon; population 2,006,500 (est. 2009). It was badly damaged during the Lebanese civil war of 1975–89.
bejewel:Cover or adorn with jewels.
bejewelled:Adorned with jewels.
bel:A unit used in the comparison of power levels in electrical communication or of intensities of sound, corresponding to an intensity ratio of 10 to 1.
belabour:Attack (someone) physically or verbally.
belated:Coming or happening later than should have been the case.
belatedly:Later than should have been the case.
belay:Fix (a running rope) around a cleat, rock, pin, or other object, to secure it.
belayed:Fix (a running rope) round a cleat, rock, pin, or other object, to secure it.
belays:Fix (a running rope) round a cleat, rock, pin, or other object, to secure it.
belch:Emit gas noisily from the stomach through the mouth.
belched:Emit wind noisily from the stomach through the mouth.
belches:Emit wind noisily from the stomach through the mouth.
belching:Emit wind noisily from the stomach through the mouth.
beleaguered:In a very difficult situation.
belfast:The capital and chief port of Northern Ireland; population 260,700 (est. 2009). It suffered damage and population decline from the early 1970s because of sectarian violence by the Irish Republican Army (IRA) and Loyalist paramilitary groups.
belfries:The part of a bell tower or steeple in which bells are housed.
belfry:The part of a bell tower or steeple in which bells are housed.
belgian:A native or inhabitant of Belgium, or a person of Belgian descent.
belgians:A native or inhabitant of Belgium, or a person of Belgian descent.
belgium:A country in western Europe on the south shore of the North Sea and English Channel; population 11,300,000 (estimated 2015; official languages, Flemish, French, and German; capital, Brussels. Flemish name België /ˈbɛlxiːə/, French name Belgique /bɛlʒik/.
belgrade:The capital of Serbia, on the Danube River; population 1,119,000 (est. 2008).
belie:(of an appearance) fail to give a true notion or impression of (something); disguise or contradict.
belied:(of an appearance) fail to give a true impression of (something)
belief:An acceptance that a statement is true or that something exists.
beliefs:An acceptance that something exists or is true, especially one without proof.
belies:(of an appearance) fail to give a true impression of (something)
believable:(of an account or the person relating it) able to be believed; credible.
believe:Accept (something) as true; feel sure of the truth of.
believed:Accept that (something) is true, especially without proof.
believer:A person who believes that a specified thing is effective, proper, or desirable.
believers:A person who believes in the truth or existence of something.
believes:Accept that (something) is true, especially without proof.
believing:Accept that (something) is true, especially without proof.
belike:Probably; perhaps.
belittle:Make (someone or something) seem unimportant.
belittled:Dismiss (someone or something) as unimportant.
belittles:Dismiss (someone or something) as unimportant.
belittling:Dismissive of the importance of a person or thing.
bell:Provide with a bell or bells; attach a bell or bells to.
belladonna:Deadly nightshade.
bellbottoms:Trousers with a marked flare below the knee.
belle:A beautiful girl or woman, especially the most beautiful at a particular event or in a particular group.
belled:Having a bell or bells.
belles:A beautiful girl or woman, especially the most beautiful at a particular event.
bellicose:Demonstrating aggression and willingness to fight.
bellies:Swell or cause to swell.
belligerence:Aggressive or warlike behavior.
belligerent:A nation or person engaged in war or conflict, as recognized by international law.
belligerents:A nation or person engaged in war or conflict, as recognized by international law.
bellow:(of a person or animal) emit a deep loud roar, typically in pain or anger.
bellowed:(of a person or animal) emit a deep loud roar, typically in pain or anger.
bellowing:(of a person or animal) emit a deep loud roar, typically in pain or anger.
bellows:A device with an air bag that emits a stream of air when squeezed together with two handles, used for blowing air into a fire.A device similar to a pair of bellows used in a harmonium or small organ.
bells:Provide with a bell or bells.
belly:Swell or cause to swell.
bellyful:A quantity of food sufficient to fill one's stomach; a sustaining meal.
belong:Be the property of.
belonged:Be the property of.
belonging:An affinity for a place or situation.
belongings:One's movable possessions.
belongs:Be the property of.
beloved:A much loved person.
below:At a lower level or layer than.
belt:Fasten with a belt.
belted:(of a garment) secured or drawn in by a strip of leather or other material worn around the waist.
belting:Belts collectively, or material for belts.
beltings:Belts collectively, or material for belts.
belts:Fasten with a belt.
bemoan:Express discontent or sorrow over (something)
bemoaned:Express discontent or sorrow over (something)
bemoaning:Express discontent or sorrow over (something)
bemoans:Express discontent or sorrow over (something)
bemuse:Puzzle, confuse, or bewilder (someone)
bemused:Puzzled, confused, or bewildered.
bemusement:The fact or condition of being bemused; puzzlement.
ben:A high mountain or mountain peak (especially in place names)
bench:Withdraw (a sports player) from play; substitute.
benches:Withdraw (a sports player) from play.
benchmark:Evaluate or check (something) by comparison with a standard.
benchmarking:Evaluate (something) by comparison with a standard.
benchmarks:Evaluate (something) by comparison with a standard.
bend:Shape or force (something straight) into a curve or angle.
bender:An object or person that bends something else.
benders:An object or person that bends something.
bending:Shape or force (something straight) into a curve or angle.
bends:Shape or force (something straight) into a curve or angle.
beneath:Extending or directly underneath, typically with close contact.
benediction:The utterance or bestowing of a blessing, especially at the end of a religious service.
benedictions:The utterance of a blessing, especially at the end of a religious service.
benefaction:A donation or gift.
benefactions:A donation or gift.
benefactor:A person who gives money or other help to a person or cause.
benefactors:A person who gives money or other help to a person or cause.
benefactress:A female benefactor.
beneficent:(of a person) generous or doing good.
beneficial:Favorable or advantageous; resulting in good.
beneficially:In a favorable or advantageous way; so as to have a good effect.
beneficiaries:A person who derives advantage from something, especially a trust, will, or life insurance policy.
beneficiary:A person who derives advantage from something, especially a trust, will, or life insurance policy.
benefit:An advantage or profit gained from something.
benefited:Receive an advantage; profit.
benefiting:Receive an advantage; profit.
benefits:Receive an advantage; profit.
benelux:A collective name for Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg, especially with reference to their economic union.
benevolence:The quality of being well meaning; kindness.
benevolent:Well meaning and kindly.
bengal:A region in South Asia, containing the Ganges and Brahmaputra River deltas. In 1947 the province was divided into West Bengal, which has remained a state of India, and East Bengal, now Bangladesh.
benighted:In a state of pitiful or contemptible intellectual or moral ignorance, typically owing to a lack of opportunity.
benign:Gentle and kindly.
benignity:Kindness or tolerance toward others.
benjamin:(in the Bible) a Hebrew patriarch, the youngest son of Jacob and Rachel (Gen. 35:18, 42, etc.).
bent:A natural talent or inclination.
benzene:A colorless volatile liquid hydrocarbon present in coal tar and petroleum, and used in chemical synthesis. Its use as a solvent has been reduced because of its carcinogenic properties.
bequeath:Leave (a personal estate or one's body) to a person or other beneficiary by a will.
bequeathed:Leave (property) to a person or other beneficiary by a will.
bequeathing:Leave (property) to a person or other beneficiary by a will.
bequest:A legacy.
bequests:A legacy.
berate:Scold or criticize (someone) angrily.
berated:Scold or criticize (someone) angrily.
berating:Scold or criticize (someone) angrily.
berber:A member of the indigenous people of North Africa.
bereave:Be deprived of a loved one through a profound absence, especially due to the loved one's death.
bereaved:Deprived of a close relation or friend through their death.
bereavement:The fact or condition of being bereaved.
bereavements:The fact or condition of being bereaved.
bereaving:Be deprived of a close relation or friend through their death.
bereft:Deprived of or lacking (something)
beret:A round flattish cap of felt or cloth.
berets:A round flattish cap of felt or cloth.
berk:A stupid person.
berlin:The capital of Germany; population 3,404,000 (est. 2006). At the end of World War II, the city was occupied by the Allies and divided into two parts: West Berlin and East Berlin. Between 1961 and 1989, the Berlin Wall separated the two parts, which were reunited in 1990.
berliner:A native or citizen of Berlin.
bermuda:A British dependency made up of about 150 small islands about 650 miles (1,046 km) east of the coast of North Carolina; population 65,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Hamilton. It now has internal self-government.
bern:The capital of Switzerland since 1848; population 122,658 (2007).
berries:Gather berries.
berry:A small roundish juicy fruit without a stone.
berserk:Out of control with anger or excitement; wild or frenzied.
berth:Moor (a ship) in its allotted place.
berthed:Moor (a ship) in its allotted place.
berths:Moor (a ship) in its allotted place.
beryl:A transparent pale green, blue, or yellow mineral consisting of a silicate of beryllium and aluminum, sometimes used as a gemstone.
beryllium:The chemical element of atomic number 4, a hard gray metal.
beseech:Ask (someone) urgently and fervently to do something; implore; entreat.
beseeched:Ask (someone) urgently and fervently to do something; implore; entreat.
beseeches:Ask (someone) urgently and fervently to do something; implore; entreat.
beseeching:Ask (someone) urgently and fervently to do something; implore; entreat.
beset:(of a problem or difficulty) trouble or threaten persistently.
besets:(of a problem or difficulty) trouble (someone or something) persistently.
besetting:(of a problem or difficulty) trouble (someone or something) persistently.
beside:At the side of; next to.
besides:In addition to; apart from.
besiege:Surround (a place) with armed forces in order to capture it or force its surrender; lay siege to.
besieged:(of a place) surrounded by armed forces aiming to capture it or force surrender.
besieging:Surround (a place) with armed forces in order to capture it or force its surrender.
besmirch:Damage the reputation of (someone or something) in the opinion of others.
besotted:Strongly infatuated.
bespattered:Splash drops of a liquid substance all over (an object)
bespeak:(of an appearance or action) suggest; be evidence of.
bespeaking:Be evidence of; indicate.
bespeaks:Be evidence of; indicate.
bespectacled:(of a person) wearing eyeglasses.
bespoke:Made for a particular customer or user.
best:That which is the most excellent, outstanding, or desirable.
bestial:Of or like an animal or animals.
bestiality:Savagely cruel or depraved behavior.
bestiary:A descriptive or anecdotal treatise on various real or mythical kinds of animals, especially a medieval work with a moralizing tone.
bestir:Make a physical or mental effort; exert or rouse oneself.
bestirred:Make a physical or mental effort; exert or rouse oneself.
bestow:Confer or present (an honor, right, or gift)
bestowed:Confer or present (an honour, right, or gift)
bestowing:Confer or present (an honour, right, or gift)
bestows:Confer or present (an honour, right, or gift)
bestride:Stand astride over; span or straddle.
bestrode:Stand astride over; straddle.
bests:Outwit or get the better of (someone)
bestseller:A book or other product that sells in very large numbers.
bestsellers:A book or other product that sells in very large numbers.
bestselling:(of a book or other product) having very large sales; very popular.
bet:Risk something, usually a sum of money, against someone else's on the basis of the outcome of a future event, such as the result of a race or game.
beta:The second letter of the Greek alphabet (Β, β), transliterated as ‘b.’.
betel:The leaf of an Asian evergreen climbing plant that is used in the East as a mild stimulant. Parings of areca nut, lime, and cinnamon are wrapped in the leaf, which is then chewed, causing the saliva to go red and, with prolonged use, the teeth to go black.
betide:Happen.
betimes:Before the usual or expected time; early.
betoken:Be a sign of; indicate.
betokened:Be a sign of.
betokens:Be a sign of.
betray:Expose (one's country, a group, or a person) to danger by treacherously giving information to an enemy.
betrayal:The action of betraying one's country, a group, or a person; treachery.
betrayals:The action of betraying one's country, a group, or a person; treachery.
betrayed:Expose (one's country, a group, or a person) to danger by treacherously giving information to an enemy.
betraying:Expose (one's country, a group, or a person) to danger by treacherously giving information to an enemy.
betrays:Expose (one's country, a group, or a person) to danger by treacherously giving information to an enemy.
betroth:Enter into a formal agreement to marry.
betrothal:Formal engagement to be married; engagement.
betrothed:The person to whom one is engaged.
betroths:Formally engage (someone) to be married.
bets:Risk a sum of money or valued item against someone else's on the basis of the outcome of an unpredictable event such as a race or game.
betted:Risk a sum of money or valued item against someone else's on the basis of the outcome of an unpredictable event such as a race or game.
better:The better one; that which is better.
bettered:Improve on or surpass (an existing or previous level or achievement)
bettering:Improve on or surpass (an existing or previous level or achievement)
betterment:The act or process of improving something.
betters:Improve on or surpass (an existing or previous level or achievement)
betting:The act of gambling money on the outcome of a race, game, or other unpredictable event.
between:At, into, or across the space separating (two objects or regions)
betwixt:Between (two people or things)
bevel:Change (a square edge on an object) to a sloping one.
bevelled:Having a sloping edge rather than a squared one.
bevelling:Change (a square edge on an object) to a sloping one.
bevels:Change (a square edge on an object) to a sloping one.
beverage:A drink, especially one other than water.
beverages:(chiefly in commercial use) a drink other than water.
bevvy:An alcoholic drink.
bevy:A large group of people or things of a particular kind.
bewail:Express great regret, disappointment, or bitterness over (something)
bewailed:Express great regret, sadness, or disappointment about (something)
bewailing:Express great regret, sadness, or disappointment about (something)
bewails:Express great regret, sadness, or disappointment about (something)
beware:Be cautious and alert to the dangers of.
bewhiskered:Having hair or whiskers growing on the face.
bewilder:Cause (someone) to become perplexed and confused.
bewildered:Perplexed and confused; very puzzled.
bewildering:Confusing or perplexing.
bewilderment:A feeling of being perplexed and confused.
bewilders:Cause (someone) to become perplexed and confused.
bewitch:Enchant and delight (someone)
bewitched:Enchant and delight (someone)
bewitching:Enchanting or delightful.
beyond:At or to the further side of.
biannual:Occurring twice a year.
bias:Cause to feel or show inclination or prejudice for or against someone or something.
biased:Unfairly prejudiced for or against someone or something.
biases:Cause to feel or show inclination or prejudice for or against someone or something.
biasing:Cause to feel or show inclination or prejudice for or against someone or something.
bib:A piece of cloth or plastic fastened around a person's neck to keep their clothes clean while eating.
bible:The Christian scriptures, consisting of the Old and New Testaments.
bibles:The Christian scriptures, consisting of the Old and New Testaments.
biblical:Relating to or contained in the Bible.
biblically:In a way that accords with or relates to the Bible.
biblicists:A person who interprets the Bible literally.
bibliographic:Relating to bibliography.
bibliographical:Relating to bibliography.
bibliographies:A list of the books referred to in a scholarly work, typically printed as an appendix.
bibliography:A list of the books referred to in a scholarly work, typically printed as an appendix.
bibliophile:A person who collects or has a great love of books.
bibs:A piece of cloth or plastic fastened round a child's neck to keep its clothes clean while eating.
bicameral:(of a legislative body) having two branches or chambers.
bicarb:Sodium bicarbonate.
bicarbonate:A salt containing the anion HCO₃–.
bicentenary:The two-hundredth anniversary of a significant event.
bicentennial:The two-hundredth anniversary of a significant event.
biceps:Any of several muscles having two points of attachment at one end.
bicker:Argue about petty and trivial matters.
bickering:Argue about petty and trivial matters.
bicycle:Ride a bicycle in a particular direction.
bicycled:Ride a bicycle.
bicycles:Ride a bicycle.
bicycling:Ride a bicycle.
bid:Offer (a certain price) for something, especially at an auction.
bidden:archaic or literary past participle of bid
bidder:A person or organization making a formal offer for something, especially at an auction.
bidders:A person or organization making a formal offer for something, especially at an auction.
bidding:The offering of particular prices for something, especially at an auction.
bide:Remain or stay somewhere.
bides:Remain or stay somewhere.
bidet:A low oval basin used for washing one's genital and anal area.
biding:Remain or stay somewhere.
bidirectional:Functioning in two directions.
bids:Offer (a certain price) for something, especially at an auction.
biennials:A biennial plant.
bier:A movable frame on which a coffin or a corpse is placed before burial or cremation or on which it is carried to the grave.
bifurcated:Divide into two branches or forks.
bifurcation:The division of something into two branches or parts.
bifurcations:The division of something into two branches or parts.
big:Praise or recommend something highly.
bigamy:The act of going through a marriage ceremony while already married to another person.
bigger:Praise or recommend something highly.
biggest:Praise or recommend something highly.
bigheads:A conceited or arrogant person.
bigot:A person who is obstinately or unreasonably attached to a belief, opinion, or faction, especially one who is prejudiced against or antagonistic toward a person or people on the basis of their membership of a particular group.
bigoted:Obstinately or unreasonably attached to a belief, opinion, or faction, in particular prejudiced against or antagonistic toward a person or people on the basis of their membership of a particular group.
bigotry:Obstinate or unreasonable attachment to a belief, opinion, or faction; in particular, prejudice against a person or people on the basis of their membership of a particular group.
bigots:A person who is obstinately or unreasonably attached to a belief, opinion, or faction, especially one who is prejudiced against or antagonistic towards a person or people on the basis of their membership of a particular group.
bijou:A jewel or trinket.
bijoux:A jewel or trinket.
bike:Ride a bicycle or motorcycle.
biker:A motorcyclist, especially one who is a member of a motorcycle gang or club.
bikes:Ride a bicycle or motorcycle.
biking:Ride a bicycle or motorcycle.
bikini:A very brief two-piece swimsuit for women.
bikinis:A two-piece swimming costume for women.
bilabial:A consonant sound formed by closure or near closure of the lips.
bilaterally:In a way that involves or affects both sides.
bile:A bitter greenish-brown alkaline fluid that aids digestion and is secreted by the liver and stored in the gallbladder.
bilge:Break a hole in the bilge of (a ship)
bilges:Break a hole in the bilge of (a ship).
bilharzia:A chronic disease, endemic in parts of Africa and South America, caused by infestation with blood flukes (schistosomes).
biliary:Relating to bile or the bile duct.
bilingual:A person fluent in two languages.
bilingualism:Fluency in or use of two languages.
bilinguals:A person fluent in two languages.
bilious:Affected by or associated with nausea or vomiting.
bill:List (a person or event) in a program.
billable:(of time spent engaged in a professional service) subject to a fee.
billboards:A large outdoor board for displaying advertisements; a hoarding.
billed:Having a beak or bill of a specified kind.
billet:Lodge (soldiers) in a particular place, especially a civilian's house or other nonmilitary facility.
billeted:Lodge (soldiers) in a particular place, especially a civilian's house.
billeting:Lodge (soldiers) in a particular place, especially a civilian's house.
billets:Lodge (soldiers) in a particular place, especially a civilian's house.
billiard:A smooth rectangular cloth-covered table used for billiards and some forms of pool, typically with six pockets at the corners and sides into which the balls can be struck.
billiards:Any of various games played on a billiard table in which cues are used to strike balls against each other or into pockets around the edge of the table. In North America the term encompasses games such as carom billiards, English billiards, and pool.
billing:The fact of being advertised or publicized in a particular way.
billings:A commercial city in south central Montana, the state's largest city; population 103,994 (est. 2008).
billion:The number equivalent to the product of a thousand and a million; 1,000,000,000 or 10⁹
billionaire:A person possessing assets worth at least a billion dollars (or pounds, etc.).
billionaires:A person possessing assets worth at least a billion pounds or dollars.
billions:The number equivalent to the product of a thousand and a million; 1,000,000,000 or 10⁹
billionth:Constituting number one billion in a sequence; 1,000,000,000th.
billow:(of fabric) fill with air and swell outward.
billowed:(of fabric) fill with air and swell outwards.
billowing:(of fabric) filled with air and swelling outward.
billows:(of fabric) fill with air and swell outwards.
billposters:A person who pastes up advertisements on hoardings.
bills:List (a person or event) in a programme.
billy:A tin or enamel cooking pot with a lid and a wire handle, for use when camping.
biltong:Lean meat which is salted and dried in strips.
bimbo:An attractive but unintelligent or frivolous young woman.
bimodal:Having or involving two modes, in particular (of a statistical distribution) having two maxima.
bin:Place (something) in a bin.
binaries:The binary system of notation.
binary:The binary system: binary notation.
bind:Tie or fasten (something) tightly.
binder:A cover for holding loose sheets of paper, magazines, etc., together.
binders:A cover for holding magazines or loose sheets of paper together.
bindery:A workshop or factory in which books are bound.
binding:A strong covering holding the pages of a book together.
bindings:A strong covering holding the pages of a book together.
binds:Tie or fasten (something) tightly together.
bindweed:A twining plant with trumpet-shaped flowers. Several kinds are invasive weeds.
bing:A heap, especially of metallic ore or of waste from a mine.
binge:Indulge in an activity, especially eating, drinking, or taking drugs, to excess.
bingo:A game in which players mark off numbers on cards as the numbers are drawn randomly by a caller, the winner being the first person to mark off five numbers in a row or another required pattern.
binnacle:A built-in housing for a ship's compass.
binocular:Adapted for or using both eyes.
binoculars:An optical instrument with a lens for each eye, used for viewing distant objects.
binomial:An algebraic expression of the sum or the difference of two terms.
biochemical:A biochemical substance.
biochemist:An expert in or student of the branch of science concerning the chemical processes occurring within living organisms.
biochemistry:The branch of science concerned with the chemical and physicochemical processes and substances that occur within living organisms.
biochemists:An expert in or student of the branch of science concerning the chemical processes occuring within living organisms.
biodiversity:The variety of life in the world or in a particular habitat or ecosystem.
bioengineering:another term for genetic engineering
biofeedback:A process whereby electronic monitoring of a normally automatic bodily function is used to train someone to acquire voluntary control of that function.
biographer:A person who writes an account of someone's life.
biographers:A person who writes an account of someone's life.
biographical:(of data or a written work) dealing with a particular person's life.
biographies:An account of someone's life written by someone else.
biography:An account of someone's life written by someone else.
biological:A therapeutic substance, such as a vaccine or drug, derived from biological sources.
biologically:In a way that concerns biology or living organisms.
biologist:An expert in or student of the branch of science concerning living organisms.
biologists:An expert in or student of the branch of science concerning living organisms.
biology:The study of living organisms, divided into many specialized fields that cover their morphology, physiology, anatomy, behavior, origin, and distribution.
biomass:The total mass of organisms in a given area or volume.
biomedical:Relating to both biology and medicine.
biometric:Involving the automated recognition of individuals by means of unique physical characteristics, typically for the purposes of security.
biometrics:The automated recognition of individuals by means of unique physical characteristics, typically for the purposes of security.
biometry:The application of statistical analysis to biological data.
biomorph:A decorative form or object based on or resembling a living organism.
bionic:Having artificial body parts, especially electromechanical ones.
bionics:The study of mechanical systems that function like living organisms or parts of living organisms.
biopsies:Conduct a biopsy on (tissue removed from a living body)
biorhythm:A recurring cycle in the physiology or functioning of an organism, such as the daily cycle of sleeping and waking.
biorhythms:A recurring cycle in the physiology or functioning of an organism, such as the daily cycle of sleeping and waking.
bioscope:A cinema or film.
biosphere:The regions of the surface, atmosphere, and hydrosphere of the earth (or analogous parts of other planets) occupied by living organisms.
biospheres:The regions of the surface and atmosphere of the earth or another planet occupied by living organisms.
biosynthesis:The production of complex molecules within living organisms or cells.
biota:The animal and plant life of a particular region, habitat, or geological period.
biotechnology:The exploitation of biological processes for industrial and other purposes, especially the genetic manipulation of microorganisms for the production of antibiotics, hormones, etc.
biotic:Relating to or resulting from living things, especially in their ecological relations.
biped:An animal that uses two legs for walking.
bipedal:(of an animal) using only two legs for walking.
bipeds:An animal that uses two legs for walking.
biplane:An early type of aircraft with two pairs of wings, one above the other.
biplanes:An early type of aircraft with two pairs of wings, one above the other.
birch:Beat (someone) with a bundle of birch twigs as a formal punishment.
birched:Beat (someone) with a bundle of birch twigs as a formal punishment.
birches:Beat (someone) with a bundle of birch twigs as a formal punishment.
bird:A warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrate distinguished by the possession of feathers, wings, and a beak and (typically) by being able to fly.
birdbath:A small basin filled with water for birds to bathe in, typically found in a garden.
birdbaths:A small basin placed in a garden and filled with water for birds to bathe in.
birdcage:A cage for pet birds, typically made of wire or cane.
birdcages:A cage for pet birds, typically made of wire or cane.
birdie:Play (a hole) with a score of one stroke under par.
birdies:Play (a hole) with a score of one stroke under par.
birds:A warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrate animal distinguished by the possession of feathers, wings, a beak, and typically by being able to fly.
birdsong:The musical vocalizations of a bird or birds, typically uttered by a male songbird in characteristic bursts or phrases for territorial purposes.
birdwatcher:A person who observes birds in their natural surroundings as a hobby.
birdwatchers:A person who observes birds in their natural surroundings as a hobby.
birdwatching:The practice of observing birds in their natural environment as a hobby.
birefringent:Having two different refractive indices.
birth:Give birth to (a baby or other young)
birthday:The anniversary of the day on which a person was born, typically treated as an occasion for celebration and the giving of gifts.
birthdays:The anniversary of the day on which a person was born, typically treated as an occasion for celebration and the giving of gifts.
birthmark:An unusual and typically permanent brown or red mark on someone's body from birth.
birthmarks:An unusual, typically permanent, mark on someone's body which is there from birth.
birthright:A particular right of possession or privilege one has from birth, especially as an eldest child.
birthrights:A particular right of possession or privilege a person has from birth, especially as an eldest son.
births:Give birth to (a baby or other young)
biscuit:A small, typically round cake of bread leavened with baking powder, baking soda, or sometimes yeast.
biscuits:A small baked unleavened cake, typically crisp, flat, and sweet.
bisect:Divide into two parts.
bisected:Divide into two parts.
bisecting:Divide into two parts.
bisects:Divide into two parts.
bisexual:A person who is sexually attracted not exclusively to people of one particular gender.
bisexuality:The quality or characteristic of being sexually attracted not exclusively to people of one particular gender.
bisexuals:A person who is sexually attracted not exclusively to people of one particular gender.
bishop:A senior member of the Christian clergy, usually in charge of a diocese and empowered to confer holy orders.
bishopric:The office or rank of a bishop.
bishoprics:The office or rank of a bishop.
bishops:A senior member of the Christian clergy, usually in charge of a diocese and empowered to confer holy orders.
bismarck:The capital of North Dakota, in the south central part of the state, on the Missouri River; population 60,389 (est. 2008). It took the name of German Chancellor Bismarck in order to attract German capital for railroad building.
bismuth:The chemical element of atomic number 83, a brittle reddish-gray metal.A compound containing bismuth used medicinally.
bison:A humpbacked shaggy-haired wild ox native to North America and Europe.
bissau:The capital of Guinea-Bissau, in the western part of the country; population 330,000 (est. 2007).
bistable:An electronic circuit which has two stable states.
bistro:A small restaurant.
bit:A small piece, part, or quantity of something.
bitch:A female dog, wolf, fox, or otter.
bitches:Make spitefully critical comments.
bitching:Extremely.
bitchy:(of a person's comments or behavior) malicious or unpleasant.
bite:(of a person or animal) use the teeth to cut into or through something.
biter:A person or animal that bites, especially habitually.
biters:A person or animal that bites, especially habitually.
bites:(of a person or animal) use the teeth to cut into or through something.
biting:(of insects and certain other animals) able to wound the skin with a sting or fangs.
bitmap:Represent (an item) as a bitmap.
bits:A small piece, part, or quantity of something.
bitten:past participle of bite
bitter:Beer that is strongly flavored with hops and has a bitter taste.
bitterest:Beer that is strongly flavoured with hops and has a bitter taste, brewed by top fermentation.
bitterly:In an angry, hurt, or resentful way.
bittern:A large marsh bird of the heron family, typically smaller than a heron, with brown streaked plumage. The larger kinds are noted for the deep booming call of the male in the breeding season.
bitterness:Sharpness of taste; lack of sweetness.
bitters:Beer that is strongly flavoured with hops and has a bitter taste, brewed by top fermentation.
bittersweet:another term for "woody nightshade" (see nightshade)
bitts:A pair of posts on the deck of a ship for fastening mooring lines or cables.
bitty:Tiny.
bivalves:An aquatic mollusc which has a compressed body enclosed within a hinged shell, such as oysters, mussels, and scallops.
bivouacked:Stay in a bivouac.
bivouacs:Stay in a bivouac.
biweekly:Every two weeks or twice a week.
biz:A business, especially one connected with entertainment.
bizarre:Very strange or unusual, especially so as to cause interest or amusement.
bizarrely:In a very strange or unusual manner.
blab:Reveal secrets by indiscreet talk.
blabbed:Reveal secrets by indiscreet talk.
blabber:Talk foolishly, mindlessly, or excessively.
blabbering:Talk foolishly, indiscreetly, or excessively.
blabs:Reveal secrets by indiscreet talk.
black:Make (something) black; blacken.
blackball:Reject (someone, usually a candidate applying to become a member of a private club), typically by means of a secret ballot.
blackballed:Reject (a candidate applying to become a member of a private club), typically by means of a secret ballot.
blackballing:Reject (a candidate applying to become a member of a private club), typically by means of a secret ballot.
blackberries:Gather blackberries in the wild.
blackberry:An edible soft fruit consisting of a cluster of soft purple-black drupelets.
blackbird:A European thrush with mainly black plumage.
blackbirds:An Old World thrush with mainly black plumage.
blackboard:A large board with a smooth, typically dark, surface attached to a wall or supported on an easel and used for writing on with chalk, especially by teachers in schools.
blackboards:A large board with a smooth dark surface attached to a wall or supported on an easel and used by teachers in schools for writing on with chalk.
blackcurrant:A small round edible black berry that grows in loose hanging clusters.
blackcurrants:A small round edible black berry that grows in loose hanging clusters.
blacked:Make (something) black; blacken.
blacken:Become or make black or dark, especially as a result of burning, decay, or bruising.
blackened:Made black or dark, especially as a result of burning, decay, or bruising.
blackening:Make or become black or dark, especially as a result of burning, decay, or bruising.
blackens:Make or become black or dark, especially as a result of burning, decay, or bruising.
blacker:Make (something) black; blacken.
blackest:Make (something) black; blacken.
blackfly:A black or dark green aphid which is a common pest of crops and gardens.
blackguard:Abuse or disparage (someone) scurrilously.
blackhead:A plug of sebum in a hair follicle, darkened by oxidation.
blackheads:A plug of sebum in a hair follicle, darkened by oxidation.
blacking:Black paste or polish, especially that used on shoes.
blackjack:A gambling card game in which players try to acquire cards with a face value as close as possible to 21 without going over.
blackleg:Any of a number of plant diseases in which part of the stem blackens and decays.
blacklist:Put on a blacklist.
blacklisted:Put on a blacklist.
blacklisting:Put on a blacklist.
blacklists:Put on a blacklist.
blackmail:Demand money or another benefit from (someone) in return for not revealing compromising or damaging information about them.
blackmailed:Demand money or another benefit from (someone) in return for not revealing compromising or damaging information about them.
blackmailer:A person who demands money or another benefit from someone in return for not revealing compromising or damaging information about them.
blackmailers:A person who demands money or another benefit from someone in return for not revealing compromising or damaging information about them.
blackmailing:Demand money or another benefit from (someone) in return for not revealing compromising or damaging information about them.
blackmails:Demand money or another benefit from (someone) in return for not revealing compromising or damaging information about them.
blackness:The property or quality of being black in color.
blackout:A failure of electrical power supply.
blackouts:A period when all lights must be turned out or covered to prevent them being seen by the enemy during an air raid.
blacks:Make (something) black; blacken.
blackshirts:(in Italy) a member of the paramilitary wing of the National Fascist Party founded by Mussolini.
blacksmith:A person who makes and repairs things in iron by hand.
blacksmiths:A person who makes and repairs things in iron by hand.
blackthorn:A thorny Eurasian shrub that bears white flowers before the leaves appear and astringent blue-black fruits.
bladder:A membranous sac in humans and other animals, in which urine is collected for excretion.
bladders:A muscular membranous sac in the abdomen which receives urine from the kidneys and stores it for excretion.
blade:The flat cutting edge of a knife, saw, or other tool or weapon.
blades:Skate using Rollerblades.
blah:Used to refer to something which is boring or without meaningful content.
blame:Assign responsibility for a fault or wrong.
blameable:Responsible for a fault or wrong.
blamed:Used for emphasis, especially to express disapprobation or annoyance.
blameless:Innocent of wrongdoing.
blames:Feel or declare that (someone or something) is responsible for a fault or wrong.
blameworthy:Responsible for wrongdoing and deserving of censure or blame.
blaming:Feel or declare that (someone or something) is responsible for a fault or wrong.
blanch:Make white or pale by extracting color.
blanched:(of an item of food) having been briefly immersed in boiling water, especially in order to remove the skin or to prepare it for further cooking.
blanching:Make white or pale by extracting colour.
blancmange:A sweet opaque gelatinous dessert made with cornstarch and milk.
bland:Lacking strong features or characteristics and therefore uninteresting.
blandest:Lacking strong features or characteristics and therefore uninteresting.
blandly:In an uninteresting manner that lacks strong emotion, features, or characteristics.
blandness:Lack of strong emotions, features, or characteristics.
blank:Cover up, obscure, or cause to appear blank or empty.
blanked:Make (something) blank or empty.
blanker:Make (something) blank or empty.
blanket:Cover completely with a thick layer of something.
blanketed:Cover completely with a thick layer of something.
blanketing:Material used for making blankets.
blankets:Cover completely with a thick layer of something.
blanking:Make (something) blank or empty.
blankly:In a way that is plain and characterized by a lack of decorative or other features.
blanks:Make (something) blank or empty.
blare:Make or cause to make a loud, harsh sound.
blared:Make or cause to make a loud, harsh sound.
blares:Make or cause to make a loud, harsh sound.
blase:Unimpressed or indifferent to something because one has experienced or seen it so often before.
blaspheme:Speak irreverently about God or sacred things.
blasphemed:Speak irreverently about God or sacred things.
blasphemies:The action or offence of speaking sacrilegiously about God or sacred things; profane talk.
blaspheming:Speak irreverently about God or sacred things.
blasphemous:Sacrilegious against God or sacred things; profane.
blasphemy:The act or offense of speaking sacrilegiously about God or sacred things; profane talk.
blast:Blow up or break apart (something solid) with explosives.
blasted:Used to express annoyance.
blaster:A person or thing that emits or uses blasts.
blasters:A person or thing that emits or uses blasts.
blasting:Blow up or break apart (something solid) with explosives.
blasts:Blow up or break apart (something solid) with explosives.
blat:Make a bleating sound.
blatant:(of bad behavior) done openly and unashamedly.
blatantly:In an open and unashamed manner.
blaze:A very large or fiercely burning fire.
blazed:Burn fiercely or brightly.
blazer:A lightweight jacket, typically solid-colored, often worn as part of a uniform by members of a club, sports team, or school.
blazers:A coloured jacket worn by schoolchildren or sports players as part of a uniform.
blazes:Burn fiercely or brightly.
blazing:Very hot.
bleach:Whiten by exposure to sunlight or by a chemical process.
bleached:Made white or much lighter by a chemical process or by exposure to sunlight.
bleacher:A person or thing that bleaches.
bleachers:A person or thing that bleaches.
bleaches:Cause (a material such as cloth, paper, or hair) to become white or much lighter by a chemical process or by exposure to sunlight.
bleaching:Cause (a material such as cloth, paper, or hair) to become white or much lighter by a chemical process or by exposure to sunlight.
bleak:(of an area of land) lacking vegetation and exposed to the elements.
bleaker:(of an area of land) lacking vegetation and exposed to the elements.
bleakest:(of an area of land) lacking vegetation and exposed to the elements.
bleakness:The quality or state of being bare and inhospitable.
bleary:(of the eyes) unfocused or filmy from sleep or tiredness.
bleat:(of a sheep, goat, or calf) make a characteristic wavering cry.
bleated:(of a sheep, goat, or calf) make a characteristic weak, wavering cry.
bleating:The weak, wavering crying of a sheep, goat, or calf.
bleats:(of a sheep, goat, or calf) make a characteristic weak, wavering cry.
bled:Lose blood from the body as a result of injury or illness.
bleed:Lose blood from the body as a result of injury or illness.
bleeder:A person who bleeds easily, especially a hemophiliac.
bleeders:A person regarded with contempt or pity.
bleeding:Used for emphasis, or to express annoyance.
bleeds:Lose blood from the body as a result of injury or illness.
bleep:A short high-pitched sound made by an electronic device as a signal or to attract attention.
bleeped:(of an electronic device) make a short high-pitched sound or sounds as a signal or to attract attention.
bleeper:another term for pager
bleeping:(of an electronic device) making a short high-pitched sound or sounds.
bleeps:(of an electronic device) make a short high-pitched sound or sounds as a signal or to attract attention.
blemish:Spoil the appearance of (something) that is otherwise aesthetically perfect.
blemished:Spoil the appearance or quality of (something)
blemishes:Spoil the appearance or quality of (something)
blench:Make a sudden flinching movement out of fear or pain.
blenched:Make a sudden flinching movement out of fear or pain.
blend:Mix (a substance) with another substance so that they combine together.
blended:Mix (a substance) with another substance so that they combine together.
blender:A person or thing that mixes things together, in particular an electric mixing machine used in food preparation for liquefying, chopping, or pureeing.
blenders:A person or thing that mixes things together, in particular an electric mixing machine used in food preparation for liquidizing, chopping, or pureeing.
blending:The action of mixing or combining things together.
blends:Mix (a substance) with another substance so that they combine together.
blesbok:An antelope with a mainly reddish-brown coat and white face, found in southwestern South Africa. It belongs to the same species as the bontebok.
bless:Pronounce words in a religious rite, to confer or invoke divine favor upon; ask God to look favorably on.
blessed:Made holy; consecrated.
blessedness:The state of being blessed with divine favor.
blesses:Pronounce words in a religious rite in order to confer or invoke divine favour upon; ask God to look favourably on.
blessing:God's favor and protection.
blessings:God's favour and protection.
blew:(of wind) move creating an air current.
blight:Have a severely detrimental effect on.
blighted:Have a severely detrimental effect on.
blighting:Have a severely detrimental effect on.
blights:Have a severely detrimental effect on.
blimps:A pompous, reactionary type of person.
blind:People who are unable to see.
blinded:Cause (someone) to be unable to see, permanently or temporarily.
blinder:An excellent performance in a game or race.
blindfolded:Deprive (someone) of sight by tying a piece of cloth round the head so as to cover the eyes.
blindfolds:Deprive (someone) of sight by tying a piece of cloth round the head so as to cover the eyes.
blinding:The process of covering a newly made road with grit to fill cracks.
blindingly:In a very bright and dazzling way that is likely to cause temporary loss of vision.
blindly:As if blind; without seeing or noticing.
blindness:The state or condition of being unable to see because of injury, disease, or a congenital condition.
blinds:Cause (someone) to be unable to see, permanently or temporarily.
blink:Shut and open the eyes quickly.
blinked:Shut and open the eyes quickly.
blinker:Put blinders on (a horse).
blinkered:(of a horse) wearing blinders.
blinkering:Put blinkers on (a horse)
blinkers:Put blinkers on (a horse)
blinking:Used to express annoyance.
blinks:A small fleshy plant with tiny white flowers, which grows in damp and wet habitats in temperate regions. The leaves are sometimes eaten in salads.
blip:(of an electronic device) make a short high-pitched sound or succession of sounds.
blips:(of an electronic device) make a very short high-pitched sound or succession of sounds.
bliss:Perfect happiness; great joy.
blissful:Extremely happy; full of joy.
blissfully:In a manner characterized by extreme happiness or joy.
blister:A small bubble on the skin filled with serum and caused by friction, burning, or other damage.
blistered:Having blisters on the skin or another surface.
blistering:(of heat) intense.
blisters:Form blisters on the skin or other surface.
blithe:Showing a casual and cheerful indifference considered to be callous or improper.
blithely:In a way that shows a casual and cheerful indifference considered to be callous or improper.
blithering:Complete; utter (used to express annoyance or contempt)
blitz:Attack or damage (a place or building) in a blitz.
blitzkrieg:An intense military campaign intended to bring about a swift victory.
blizzard:A severe snowstorm with high winds and low visibility.
blizzards:A severe snowstorm with high winds.
bloat:Make or become swollen with fluid or gas.
bloated:(of part of the body) swollen with fluid or gas.
bloating:A swollen state caused by retention of fluid or gas.
blob:Put small drops of thick liquid or spots of color on.
blobs:Put small drops of thick liquid or spots of colour on.
bloc:A combination of countries, parties, or groups sharing a common purpose.
block:Make the movement or flow in (a passage, pipe, road, etc.) difficult or impossible.
blockade:Seal off (a place) to prevent goods or people from entering or leaving.
blockaded:Seal off (a place) to prevent goods or people from entering or leaving.
blockades:Seal off (a place) to prevent goods or people from entering or leaving.
blockading:Seal off (a place) to prevent goods or people from entering or leaving.
blockage:An obstruction which makes movement or flow difficult or impossible.
blockages:An obstruction which makes movement or flow difficult or impossible.
blockbuster:A thing of great power or size, in particular a movie, book, or other product that is a great commercial success.
blockbusters:A thing of great power or size, in particular a film, book, or other product that is a great commercial success.
blockbusting:The practice of persuading owners to sell property cheaply because of the fear of people of another race or class moving into the neighborhood, and thus profiting by reselling at a higher price.
blocked:Obstructed or congested, so as to make movement or flow difficult or impossible.
blockers:A substance which prevents or inhibits a given physiological function.
blockhead:A stupid person.
blockheads:A stupid person.
blocking:The action or fact of blocking or obstructing someone or something.
blocks:Make the movement or flow in (a passage, pipe, road, etc.) difficult or impossible.
blocs:A group of countries or political parties with common interests who have formed an alliance.
bloke:A man.
blokes:A man.
blond:A person with fair or pale yellow hair (typically used of a woman).
blonde:A person with fair or pale yellow hair (typically used of a woman).
blondes:A person with fair or pale yellow hair (typically used of a woman).
blonds:A person with fair or pale yellow hair (typically used of a woman).
blood:Initiate (someone) in a particular activity.
bloodcurdling:Causing or expressing terror or horror.
blooded:Having blood or a temperament of a specified kind.
bloodied:Cover or stain with blood.
bloodier:Cover or stain with blood.
bloodies:Cover or stain with blood.
bloodiest:Cover or stain with blood.
bloodless:(of a revolution or conflict) without violence or killing.
bloodlust:Uncontrollable desire to kill or maim others.
bloods:Initiate (someone) in a particular activity.
bloodshed:The killing or wounding of people, typically on a large scale during a conflict.
bloodstain:A stain or a spot caused by blood.
bloodstains:A mark or discoloration on fabric or a surface caused by blood.
bloodstock:Thoroughbred horses considered collectively.
bloodstone:A type of green chalcedony spotted or streaked with red, used as a gemstone.
bloodstream:The blood circulating through the body of a person or animal.
bloodthirstier:Having or showing a desire to kill and maim.
bloodthirstiest:Having or showing a desire to kill and maim.
bloodthirsty:Eager to shed blood.
bloodworm:The bright red aquatic larva of a nonbiting midge, the blood of which contains hemoglobin that allows it to live in poorly oxygenated water.
bloody:Cover or stain with blood.
bloom:A flower, especially one cultivated for its beauty.
bloomed:Produce flowers; be in flower.
blooming:Used for emphasis or to express annoyance.
blooms:Produce flowers; be in flower.
blossom:A flower or a mass of flowers, especially on a tree or bush.
blossomed:(of a tree or bush) produce flowers or masses of flowers.
blossoming:Promising or healthy development.
blossoms:(of a tree or bush) produce flowers or masses of flowers.
blot:Dry (a wet surface or substance) using an absorbent material.
blotch:Cover with blotches.
blotched:Cover with blotches.
blotches:Cover with blotches.
blotchy:Covered with blotches; patchy.
blots:Dry (a wet surface or substance) using an absorbent material.
blotted:Marked or stained.
blotting:Dry (a wet surface or substance) using an absorbent material.
blouse:Make (a garment) hang in loose folds.
blow:(of wind) move creating an air current.
blowfly:A large and typically metallic-colored fly that lays its eggs on meat and carcasses.
blowing:(of wind) move creating an air current.
blown:Denoting a type of glassware made by forcing air through molten glass.
blows:(of wind) move creating an air current.
blowup:An enlargement of a photograph.
blubber:The fat of sea mammals, especially whales and seals.
blubbered:The fat of sea mammals, especially whales and seals.
blubbering:The fat of sea mammals, especially whales and seals.
bludgeon:Beat (someone) repeatedly with a bludgeon or other heavy object.
bludgeoned:Beat (someone) repeatedly with a bludgeon or other heavy object.
bludgeoning:Beat (someone) repeatedly with a bludgeon or other heavy object.
bludgeons:Beat (someone) repeatedly with a bludgeon or other heavy object.
blue:Make or become blue.
bluebell:A European woodland plant of the lily family that produces clusters of blue bell-shaped flowers in spring.
bluebells:A European woodland plant of the lily family that produces clusters of blue bell-shaped flowers in spring.
blueberries:A small sweet blue-black edible berry which grows in clusters on North American shrubs related to the bilberry.
blueberry:The small sweet blue-black edible berry of the blueberry plant.
bluebird:An American songbird of the thrush subfamily, the male of which has a blue head, back, and wings.
bluebirds:An American songbird of the thrush family, the male of which has a blue head, back, and wings.
bluebottle:A common blowfly with a metallic-blue body, the female of which often comes into houses searching for a suitable food source on which to lay her eggs.
bluebottles:A common blowfly with a metallic-blue body, the female of which often comes into houses searching for a suitable food source on which to lay her eggs.
blueprint:Draw up (a plan or model)
blueprints:Draw up (a plan or model)
bluer:Make or become blue.
blues:Melancholic music of black American folk origin, typically in a twelve-bar sequence. It developed in the rural southern US toward the end of the 19th century, finding a wider audience in the 1940s, as black people migrated to the cities. This urban blues gave rise to rhythm and blues and rock and roll.
bluest:Make or become blue.
bluesy:Of, resembling, or in the style of blues music.
bluff:An attempt to deceive someone into believing that one can or will do something.
bluffed:Try to deceive someone as to one's abilities or intentions.
bluffing:Try to deceive someone as to one's abilities or intentions.
bluffs:Try to deceive someone as to one's abilities or intentions.
blunder:A stupid or careless mistake.
blundered:Make a stupid or careless mistake; act or speak clumsily.
blundering:Making or characterized by stupid or careless mistakes; clumsy.
blunders:Make a stupid or careless mistake; act or speak clumsily.
blunt:Make or become less sharp.
blunted:Make or become less sharp.
blunter:Make or become less sharp.
bluntest:Make or become less sharp.
blunting:Make or become less sharp.
blunts:Make or become less sharp.
blur:Make or become unclear or less distinct.
blurb:Write or contribute a blurb for (a book, movie, or other product)
blurred:Unable to see or be seen clearly.
blurring:Make or become unclear or less distinct.
blurs:Make or become unclear or less distinct.
blurt:Say (something) suddenly and without careful consideration.
blurted:Say (something) suddenly and without careful consideration.
blush:Show shyness, embarrassment, or shame by becoming red in the face.
blushed:Show shyness, embarrassment, or shame by becoming red in the face.
blushes:Show shyness, embarrassment, or shame by becoming red in the face.
blushing:Red in the face from shyness, embarrassment, or shame.
bluster:Talk in a loud, aggressive, or indignant way with little effect.
blustered:Talk in a loud, aggressive, or indignant way with little effect.
blustering:(of a storm, wind, or rain) blowing or beating fiercely and noisily.
blusters:Talk in a loud, aggressive, or indignant way with little effect.
blustery:(of weather or a period of time) characterized by strong winds.
bmus:Bachelor of Music.
boa:A constrictor snake which bears live young and may reach great size, native to America, Africa, Asia, and some Pacific islands.
boar:A tusked Eurasian wild pig from which domestic pigs are descended.The flesh of the wild boar as food.
board:Get on or into (a ship, aircraft, or other vehicle)
boarded:(of a floor, roof, or other structure) built with pieces of wood.
boarding:Long, flat, thin pieces of wood used to build or cover something.
boards:Get on or into (a ship, aircraft, or other vehicle)
boast:Talk with excessive pride and self-satisfaction about one's achievements, possessions, or abilities.
boasted:Talk with excessive pride and self-satisfaction about one's achievements, possessions, or abilities.
boastful:Showing excessive pride and self-satisfaction in one's achievements, possessions, or abilities.
boasting:Excessively proud and self-satisfied talk about one's achievements, possessions, or abilities.
boasts:Talk with excessive pride and self-satisfaction about one's achievements, possessions, or abilities.
boat:A small vessel propelled on water by oars, sails, or an engine.
boated:Travel in a boat for pleasure.
boathouse:A shed at the edge of a river or lake used for housing boats.
boathouses:A shed at the edge of a river or lake used for housing boats.
boating:Rowing or sailing in boats as a sport or form of recreation.
boatload:A number of passengers or amount of cargo that will fill a ship or boat.
boats:Travel in a boat for pleasure.
boatswain:A ship's officer in charge of equipment and the crew.
bob:(of a thing) make a quick short movement up and down.
bobbed:(of hair) cut in a bob.
bobbing:Make a quick, short movement up and down.
bobble:A small ball made of strands of wool used as a decoration on a hat or on furnishings.
bobby:A police officer.
bobs:Make a quick, short movement up and down.
bobtail:A docked tail of a horse or dog.
bobtails:A docked tail of a horse or dog.
bode:Be an omen of a particular outcome.
boded:Be a portent of a particular outcome.
bodes:Be a portent of a particular outcome.
bodied:Having a body or trunk, typically of a specified kind.
bodies:Give material form to something abstract.
bodily:By moving a person's or one's own body with force.
boding:Be a portent of a particular outcome.
body:Give material form to something abstract.
bodyguard:A person or group of people hired to escort and protect another person, especially a dignitary.
bodyguards:A person or group of people employed to escort and protect an important or famous person.
bodywork:The metal outer shell of a vehicle.
boer:A member of the Dutch and Huguenot population that settled in southern Africa in the late 17th century.
boers:A member of the Dutch and Huguenot population which settled in southern Africa in the late 17th century. The Boers' present-day descendants are the Afrikaners.
boffin:A person engaged in scientific or technical research.
boffins:A person engaged in scientific or technical research.
bog:Be or become stuck in mud or wet ground.
bogey:Play (a hole) in one stroke over par.
bogeys:Play (a hole) in one stroke over par.
bogged:Be or become stuck in mud or wet ground.
boggiest:Too wet and muddy to be easily walked on; marshy.
bogging:Filthy or disgusting.
boggle:(of a person or a person's mind) be astonished or overwhelmed when trying to imagine something.
boggled:(of a person or their mind) be astonished or baffled when trying to imagine something.
boggles:(of a person or their mind) be astonished or baffled when trying to imagine something.
boggling:(of a person or their mind) be astonished or baffled when trying to imagine something.
boggy:Too wet and muddy to be easily walked on; marshy.
bogies:An undercarriage with four or six wheels pivoted beneath the end of a railway vehicle.
bogs:Be or become stuck in mud or wet ground.
bogus:Not genuine or true; fake.
bogy:Play (a hole) in one stroke over par.
bohemian:A socially unconventional person, especially one who is involved in the arts.
boil:(with reference to a liquid) reach or cause to reach the temperature at which it bubbles and turns to vapor.
boiled:(of food) cooked in boiling water or stock.
boilermakers:A worker who makes metal boilers for generating steam.
boiling:(for fresh water at sea level) at 212°F (100°C)
boils:(with reference to a liquid) reach or cause to reach the temperature at which it bubbles and turns to vapour.
boisterous:(of a person, event, or behavior) noisy, energetic, and cheerful; rowdy.
bola:(especially in South America) a weapon consisting of a number of balls connected by strong cord, which when thrown entangles the limbs of the quarry.
bold:A bold typeface or letter.
bolder:A bold typeface or letter.
boldest:A bold typeface or letter.
boldness:Willingness to take risks and act innovatively; confidence or courage.
bolero:A Spanish dance in simple triple time.
bolivia:A landlocked country in western South America; population 11,700,000 (estimated 2015); capital, La Paz; legal capital and seat of the judiciary, Sucre; languages, Spanish (official), Aymara, and Quechua.
bolster:Support or strengthen; prop up.
bolstered:Provided with padded support.
bolstering:Support or strengthen.
bolsters:Support or strengthen.
bolt:Fasten (a door or window) with a bar that slides into a socket.
bolted:Fasten (a door or window) with a bar that slides into a socket.
bolting:(in rock climbing) the action of driving metal pins into rock faces so that ropes can be attached to them.
bolts:Fasten (a door or window) with a bar that slides into a socket.
bomb:Attack (a place or vehicle) with a bomb or bombs.
bombard:Attack (a place or person) continuously with bombs, shells, or other missiles.
bombarded:Attack (a place or person) continuously with bombs, shells, or other missiles.
bombarding:Attack (a place or person) continuously with bombs, shells, or other missiles.
bombardment:A continuous attack with bombs, shells, or other missiles.
bombardments:A continuous attack with bombs, shells, or other missiles.
bombards:Attack (a place or person) continuously with bombs, shells, or other missiles.
bombast:High-sounding language with little meaning, used to impress people.
bombastic:High-sounding but with little meaning; inflated.
bombed:(of an area or building) subjected to bombing.
bombing:An act or instance of dropping or detonating a bomb somewhere.
bombings:An act or instance of dropping or detonating a bomb somewhere.
bombs:Attack (a place or object) with a bomb or bombs.
bonanza:A situation or event that creates a sudden increase in wealth, good fortune, or profits.
bonanzas:A situation which creates a sudden increase in wealth, good fortune, or profits.
bond:Join or be joined securely to something else, especially by means of an adhesive substance, heat, or pressure.
bondage:The state of being a slave.
bonded:(of a thing) joined securely to another thing, especially by an adhesive, a heat process, or pressure.
bonding:The establishment of a relationship or link with someone based on shared feelings, interests, or experiences.
bonds:Join or be joined securely to something else, especially by means of an adhesive substance, heat, or pressure.
bone:Remove the bones from (meat or fish)
boneless:(of a piece of meat or fish) having had the bones removed.
bonemeal:Crushed or ground bones used as a fertilizer.
bones:Remove the bones from (meat or fish) before cooking, serving, or selling.
boney:Of or like bone.
bonfire:A large open-air fire used as part of a celebration, for burning trash, or as a signal.
bong:A low-pitched, resonant sound of the kind made by a large bell.
bonier:Of or like bone.
boniest:Of or like bone.
bonn:A city in the state of North Rhine–Westphalia in Germany; population 314,300 (est. 2006). From 1949 until the reunification of Germany in 1990, it was the capital of the Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany).
bonneted:Wearing a hat tied under the chin that has a brim that frames the face.
bonnie:Used as a form of address for one's beloved or baby.
bonniest:Used as a form of address for one's beloved or baby.
bonny:Used as a form of address for one's beloved or baby.
bonobo:A chimpanzee with a black face and black hair, found in the rainforests of the Democratic Republic of Congo (formerly Zaire).
bonsai:An ornamental tree or shrub grown in a pot and artificially prevented from reaching its normal size.
bonus:An amount of money added to wages on a seasonal basis, especially as a reward for good performance.
bonuses:A sum of money added to a person's wages as a reward for good performance.
bony:Of or like bone.
boo:Say “boo” to show disapproval or contempt.
boobies:A stupid person.
booby:A stupid or childish person.
book:Reserve (accommodations, a place, etc.); buy (a ticket) in advance.
bookable:Able to be reserved.
bookbinder:A person who binds books as a profession.
bookbinders:A person who binds books as a profession.
booked:Reserve (accommodation, a place, etc.); buy (a ticket) in advance.
bookends:Be positioned at the end or on either side of (something)
bookers:A person employed to engage performers for a theatre or similar.
booking:An act of reserving accommodations, travel, etc., or of buying a ticket in advance.
bookings:An act of reserving accommodation, a ticket, etc. in advance.
bookish:(of a person or way of life) devoted to reading and studying rather than worldly interests.
booklet:A small book consisting of a few sheets, typically with paper covers.
booklets:A small, thin book with paper covers, typically giving information on a particular subject.
books:Reserve (accommodation, a place, etc.); buy (a ticket) in advance.
bookseller:A person who sells books, especially as the owner or manager of a bookstore.
booksellers:A person who sells books, especially as the owner or manager of a bookshop.
bookshelf:A shelf on which books can be stored.
bookshelves:A shelf on which books can be stored.
bookshop:A shop where books are sold.
bookshops:A shop where books are sold.
bookstall:A stand where books are sold, typically secondhand.
bookstalls:A stand where books and sometimes newspapers are sold, especially out of doors or at a railway station.
bookwork:The activity of keeping records of accounts.
bookworm:A person devoted to reading.
boom:A loud, deep, resonant sound.
boomed:Make a loud, deep, resonant sound.
boomer:short for baby boomer
boomerang:A curved flat piece of wood that can be thrown so that it will return to the thrower, traditionally used by Australian Aboriginal people as a hunting weapon.
boomeranging:(of a plan or action) recoil on the originator.
boomerangs:(of a plan or action) recoil on the originator.
booming:Having a period of great prosperity or rapid economic growth.
booms:Make a loud, deep, resonant sound.
boon:A thing that is helpful or beneficial.
boons:A thing that is helpful or beneficial.
boor:An unrefined, ill-mannered person.
boorish:Rough and bad-mannered; coarse.
boors:A rough and bad-mannered person.
boost:Help or encourage (something) to increase or improve.
boosted:Help or encourage (something) to increase or improve.
boosting:Help or encourage (something) to increase or improve.
boosts:Help or encourage (something) to increase or improve.
boot:Kick (something) hard in a specified direction.
booted:Wearing boots.
bootees:A soft shoe, typically a knitted one worn by a baby.
booth:A small temporary tent or structure at a market, fair, or exhibition, used for selling goods, providing information, or staging shows.
booths:A small temporary tent or structure at a market, fair, or exhibition, used for selling goods, providing information, or staging shows.
booting:Kick (something) hard in a specified direction.
bootlace:A cord or leather strip for lacing boots.
bootlaces:A cord or leather strip for lacing boots.
bootleg:Make, distribute, or sell (illicit goods, especially liquor, computer software, or recordings) illegally.
bootless:(of a task or undertaking) ineffectual; useless.
boots:A hotel employee who cleans boots and shoes, carries luggage, and performs other menial tasks.
booty:Valuable stolen goods, especially those seized in war.
booze:Alcohol, especially hard liquor.
boozed:Drink alcohol, especially in large quantities.
boozer:A person who drinks large quantities of alcohol.
boozers:A person who drinks large quantities of alcohol.
boozes:Drink alcohol, especially in large quantities.
bop:short for bebop
bops:Dance to pop music.
borate:A salt in which the anion contains both boron and oxygen, as in borax.
borates:A salt in which the anion contains both boron and oxygen, as in borax.
borax:A white mineral in some alkaline salt deposits, used in making glass and ceramics, as a metallurgical flux, and as an antiseptic.
bordeaux:A port in southwestern France, on the Garonne River; population 235,878 (2006).
border:Form an edge along or beside (something)
bordered:Form an edge along or beside (something)
borderer:A person living near a border.
bordering:Form an edge along or beside (something)
borderline:A line marking a border.
borders:Form an edge along or beside (something)
bore:Make (a hole) in something, especially with a revolving tool.
bored:Feeling weary because one is unoccupied or lacks interest in one's current activity.
boredom:The state of feeling bored.
borehole:A deep, narrow hole made in the ground, especially to locate water or oil.
boreholes:A deep, narrow hole made in the ground, especially to locate water or oil.
borer:A worm, mollusk, insect, or insect larva which bores into wood, other plant material, or rock.
bores:Make (a hole) in something with a tool or by digging.
boring:Not interesting; tedious.
born:Come into existence as a result of birth.
borne:Carried or transported by the thing specified.
borneo:A large island in the Malay Archipelago that is comprised of Kalimantan (a region of Indonesia), Sabah and Sarawak (states of Malaysia), and Brunei.
boron:The chemical element of atomic number 5, a nonmetallic solid.
borough:A town or district which is an administrative unit.
borrow:Take and use (something that belongs to someone else) with the intention of returning it.
borrowed:Take and use (something belonging to someone else) with the intention of returning it.
borrowing:The action of borrowing something.
borrowings:The action of borrowing something.
borrows:Take and use (something belonging to someone else) with the intention of returning it.
bosom:A woman's chest.
bosoms:A woman's chest or breasts.
boson:A subatomic particle, such as a photon, which has zero or integral spin and follows the statistical description given by S. N. Bose and Einstein.
bosons:A subatomic particle, such as a photon, which has zero or integral spin and follows the statistical description given by S. N. Bose and Einstein.
boss:Give (someone) orders in a domineering manner.
bossed:Give (someone) orders in a domineering manner.
bosses:Give (someone) orders in a domineering manner.
bossier:Fond of giving people orders; domineering.
bossiest:Fond of giving people orders; domineering.
bossing:Give (someone) orders in a domineering manner.
bossy:Fond of giving people orders; domineering.
boston:A city in eastern Massachusetts, the capital of the state, on Massachusetts Bay; population 609,023 (est. 2008). It was founded c.1630 by the Massachusetts Bay Company under its governor, John Winthrop (1588–1649). Boston was the scene of many disturbances that led to the American Revolution at the end of the 18th century.
bosun:A ship's officer in charge of equipment and the crew.
botch:Carry out (a task) badly or carelessly.
botched:(of a task) carried out badly or carelessly.
both:Used to refer to two people or things, regarded and identified together.
bother:Take the trouble to do something.
bothered:Concerned about something.
bothering:Take the trouble to do something.
bothers:Take the trouble to do something.
bothersome:Causing bother; troublesome.
bothy:(in Scotland) a small hut or cottage.
botswana:A landlocked country in southern Africa, the western half of which is the Kalahari Desert; population 2,300,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Gaborone; languages, English (official) and Setswana.
bottle:Place (drinks or other liquids) in bottles or jars.
bottled:(of drinks) kept or contained in bottles.
bottleneck:The neck or mouth of a bottle.
bottlenecks:The neck or mouth of a bottle.
bottler:A person or company that bottles drinks.
bottles:Place (drinks or other liquid) in bottles.
bottling:Place (drinks or other liquid) in bottles.
bottom:The lowest point or part of something.
bottomed:Having a base or lowest point of the specified kind.
bottoming:(of a situation) reach the lowest point before stabilizing or improving.
bottomless:Without a bottom.
bottommost:Lowest in place or rank.
bottoms:(of a situation) reach the lowest point before stabilizing or improving.
bougainvillea:An ornamental climbing plant that is widely cultivated in the tropics. The insignificant flowers are surrounded by brightly colored papery bracts that persist on the plant for a long time.
bough:A main branch of a tree.
boughs:A main branch of a tree.
bought:Obtain in exchange for payment.
boulder:A large rock, typically one that has been worn smooth by erosion.
boulders:A large rock, typically one that has been worn smooth by erosion.
boulevard:A wide street in a town or city, typically one lined with trees.
boulevards:A wide street in a town or city, typically one lined with trees.
bounce:(of an object, especially a ball) move quickly up, back, or away from a surface after hitting it; rebound (once or repeatedly)
bounced:(with reference to an object, especially a ball) move quickly up, back, or away from a surface after hitting it.
bounces:(with reference to an object, especially a ball) move quickly up, back, or away from a surface after hitting it.
bouncier:Bouncing or causing things to bounce.
bounciest:Bouncing or causing things to bounce.
bouncing:(of a ball) rebounding up and down.
bouncy:Bouncing or causing things to bounce.
bound:Walk or run with leaping strides.
boundaries:A line which marks the limits of an area; a dividing line.
boundary:A line that marks the limits of an area; a dividing line.
bounded:Walk or run with leaping strides.
bounding:Walk or run with leaping strides.
boundless:Unlimited or immense.
bounds:Walk or run with leaping strides.
bounties:A sum paid for killing or capturing a person or animal.
bountiful:Large in quantity; abundant.
bounty:A sum paid for killing or capturing a person or animal.
bouquet:An attractively arranged bunch of flowers, especially one presented as a gift or carried at a ceremony.
bouquets:An attractively arranged bunch of flowers, especially one presented as a gift or carried at a ceremony.
bourgeois:A bourgeois person.
bout:A short period of intense activity of a specified kind.
bouts:A short period of intense activity of a specified kind.
bovine:An animal of the cattle group, which also includes buffaloes and bisons.
bow:Play (a stringed instrument or music) using a bow.
bowdlerised:(of a text or account) having had material considered improper or offensive removed.
bowdlerising:Remove material that is considered improper or offensive from (a text or account), especially with the result that the text becomes weaker or less effective.
bowed:Play (a stringed instrument or music) using a bow.
bowel:The part of the alimentary canal below the stomach; the intestine.
bowels:The part of the alimentary canal below the stomach; the intestine.The deepest inner parts or areas of (something)
bower:Shade or enclose (a place or person)
bowers:Shade or enclose (a place or person)
bowie:A town in west central Maryland, northeast of Washington, DC; population 52,544 (est. 2008).
bowing:Play (a stringed instrument or music) using a bow.
bowl:A round, deep dish or basin used for food or liquid.
bowled:A round, deep dish or basin used for food or liquid.
bowlines:A rope attaching the weather side of a square sail to a ship's bow.
bowling:The game of tenpin bowling as a sport or recreation.
bowls:A game played with heavy balls, the object of which is to propel one's ball so that it comes to rest as close as possible to a previously bowled small ball (the jack); lawn bowling.
bowman:An archer.
bowmen:An archer.
bows:Play (a stringed instrument or music) using a bow.
bowstring:Strangle with a bowstring (a former Turkish method of execution).
box:Put in or provide with a box.
boxed:Packaged or enclosed in a box.
boxer:A person who takes part in boxing, especially as a sport.
boxers:Men's loose underpants similar in shape to the shorts worn by boxers.
boxes:Put in or provide with a box.
boxing:The sport or practice of fighting with the fists, especially with padded gloves in a roped square ring according to prescribed rules.
boy:A male child or young man.
boycott:Withdraw from commercial or social relations with (a country, organization, or person) as a punishment or protest.
boycotted:Withdraw from commercial or social relations with (a country, organization, or person) as a punishment or protest.
boycotting:Withdraw from commercial or social relations with (a country, organization, or person) as a punishment or protest.
boycotts:Withdraw from commercial or social relations with (a country, organization, or person) as a punishment or protest.
boyfriend:A regular male companion with whom one has a romantic or sexual relationship.
boyfriends:A person's regular male companion with whom they have a romantic or sexual relationship.
boyish:Of, like, or characteristic of a male child or young man.
boys:A male child or youth.
bra:An undergarment worn by women to support the breasts.
brace:Make (a structure) stronger or firmer with wood, iron, or other forms of support.
braced:Make (a structure) stronger or firmer with wood, iron, or other forms of support.
bracelet:An ornamental band, hoop, or chain worn on the wrist or arm.
bracelets:An ornamental band, hoop, or chain worn on the wrist or arm.
braces:Make (a structure) stronger or firmer with wood, iron, or other forms of support.
brachiopods:A marine invertebrate of the phylum Brachiopoda, which comprises the lamp shells.
bracing:Fresh and invigorating.
bracingly:In a fresh and invigorating way.
bracken:A tall fern with coarse lobed fronds, which occurs worldwide and can cover large areas.
bracket:Enclose (words or figures) in brackets.
bracketed:(of words or figures) enclosed in brackets.
bracketing:Enclose (words or figures) in brackets.
brackets:Enclose (words or figures) in brackets.
brackish:(of water) slightly salty, as is the mixture of river water and seawater in estuaries.
bradawl:A hand boring tool similar to a small, sharpened screwdriver.
bradycardia:Abnormally slow heart action.
brag:Say something in a boastful manner.
braggart:A person who boasts about achievements or possessions.
braggarts:A person who boasts about their achievements or possessions.
bragged:Say something in a boastful manner.
bragging:Excessively proud and boastful talk about one's achievements or possessions.
brags:Say something in a boastful manner.
brahman:A member of the highest Hindu caste, that of the priesthood.
braid:Form (hair) into a braid or braids.
braided:(of hair) formed into a braid or braids.
braiding:Decorative braid or braided work.
braids:Form (hair) into a braid or braids.
brail:Furl (a sail) by hauling on brail ropes.
braille:Print or transcribe in Braille.
brain:Hit (someone) hard on the head with an object.
braindamaged:Suffering from an injury to the brain that impairs its functions, especially on a permanent basis.
brainier:Having or showing intelligence.
brainless:Stupid; foolish.
brains:Hit (someone) hard on the head with an object.
brainteasers:A problem or puzzle, typically one designed to be solved for amusement.
brainwash:Make (someone) adopt radically different beliefs by using systematic and often forcible pressure.
brainwashed:Pressurize (someone) into adopting radically different beliefs by using systematic and often forcible means.
brainwashing:The process of pressuring someone into adopting radically different beliefs by using systematic and often forcible means.
brainwave:An electrical impulse in the brain.
brainwaves:An electrical impulse in the brain.
brainy:Having or showing intelligence.
braised:(of food) fried lightly and then stewed slowly in a closed container.
brake:A device for slowing or stopping a moving vehicle, typically by applying pressure to the wheels.
braked:Make a moving vehicle slow down or stop by using a brake.
brakes:Make a moving vehicle slow down or stop by using a brake.
braking:The action of making a moving vehicle slow down or stop by using a brake.
bramble:A prickly scrambling vine or shrub, especially a blackberry or other wild shrub of the rose family.
bran:Pieces of grain husk separated from flour after milling.
branch:A part of a tree which grows out from the trunk or from a bough.
branched:(of a tree or plant) having parts that grow out from the trunk or from a bough.
branches:(of a road or path) divide into one or more subdivisions.
branching:(of a road or path) divide into one or more subdivisions.
brand:Mark with a branding iron.
branded:Having a brand name.
branding:The action of marking with a branding iron.
brandish:Wave or flourish (something, especially a weapon) as a threat or in anger or excitement.
brandished:Wave or flourish (something, especially a weapon) as a threat or in anger or excitement.
brandishes:Wave or flourish (something, especially a weapon) as a threat or in anger or excitement.
brandishing:Wave or flourish (something, especially a weapon) as a threat or in anger or excitement.
brands:Mark with a branding iron.
brandy:A strong alcoholic spirit distilled from wine or fermented fruit juice.
bras:An undergarment worn by women to support the breasts.
brash:Self-assertive in a rude, noisy, or overbearing way.
brasher:Self-assertive in a rude, noisy, or overbearing way.
brasilia:The capital, since 1960, of Brazil; population 2,455,903 (2007). Designed by Lúcio Costa in 1956, the city was built in the center of the country with the intention of drawing people away from the crowded coastal areas.
brass:A yellow alloy of copper and zinc.
brasserie:An informal restaurant, especially one in France or modeled on a French one and with a large selection of drinks.
brassy:Resembling brass in color.
brat:A child, typically a badly behaved one.
brats:A child, typically one that is badly behaved.
bratty:Spoiled, self-centered, and badly behaved.
bravado:A bold manner or a show of boldness intended to impress or intimidate.
brave:Endure or face (unpleasant conditions or behavior) without showing fear.
braved:Endure or face (unpleasant conditions or behaviour) without showing fear.
braver:Endure or face (unpleasant conditions or behaviour) without showing fear.
bravery:Courageous behavior or character.
braves:Endure or face (unpleasant conditions or behaviour) without showing fear.
bravest:Endure or face (unpleasant conditions or behaviour) without showing fear.
braving:Endure or face (unpleasant conditions or behaviour) without showing fear.
bravo:A cry of bravo.
braw:Fine.
brawl:A rough or noisy fight or quarrel.
brawled:Fight or quarrel in a rough or noisy way.
brawler:A person who engages in rough or noisy fights or quarrels, especially habitually.
brawling:Fight or quarrel in a rough or noisy way.
brawls:Fight or quarrel in a rough or noisy way.
brawn:Physical strength in contrast to intelligence.
brawnier:Physically strong; muscular.
brawniest:Physically strong; muscular.
brawny:Physically strong; muscular.
bray:The loud, harsh cry of a donkey or mule.
brayed:(of a donkey or mule) utter a bray.
braying:(of a donkey or mule) utter a bray.
brays:(of a donkey or mule) utter a bray.
brazen:Endure an embarrassing or difficult situation by behaving with apparent confidence and lack of shame.
brazened:Endure an embarrassing or difficult situation by behaving with apparent confidence and lack of shame.
brazil:The largest country in South America, in the east-central part of the continent, on the Atlantic Ocean; population 207,900,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Brasilia; official language, Portuguese.
breach:Make a gap in and break through (a wall, barrier, or defense)
breached:Make a gap in and break through (a wall, barrier, or defence)
breaches:Make a gap in and break through (a wall, barrier, or defence)
breaching:Make a gap in and break through (a wall, barrier, or defence)
bread:Coat (food) in breadcrumbs before cooking.
breadboard:Make (an experimental circuit)
breadboards:Make (an experimental electric circuit)
breadcrumbs:A small fragment of bread.
breaded:(of food) coated with breadcrumbs and then fried.
breadfruit:The large round starchy fruit of a tropical tree, which is used as a vegetable and sometimes to make a substitute for flour.
breads:Coat (food) with breadcrumbs before cooking.
breadth:The distance or measurement from side to side of something; width.
break:Separate or cause to separate into pieces as a result of a blow, shock, or strain.
breakable:Capable of breaking or being broken easily.
breakaway:A divergence or radical change from something established or long standing.
breakaways:A divergence or radical change from something established or long-standing.
breakdown:A mechanical failure.
breakdowns:A mechanical failure.
breaker:A heavy sea wave that breaks into white foam on the shore or a shoal.
breakers:A heavy sea wave that breaks into white foam on the shore.
breakfast:A meal eaten in the morning, the first of the day.
breakin:An illegal forced entry of a building or vehicle, typically to steal something.
breaking:Separate or cause to separate into pieces as a result of a blow, shock, or strain.
breakins:An illegal forced entry of a building or vehicle, typically to steal something.
breakneck:Dangerously or extremely fast.
breaks:Separate or cause to separate into pieces as a result of a blow, shock, or strain.
breakthrough:A sudden, dramatic, and important discovery or development.
breakthroughs:A sudden, dramatic, and important discovery or development.
breakup:The separation or breaking up of something into several pieces or sections.
breakwater:A barrier built out into a body of water to protect a coast or harbor from the force of waves.
breakwaters:A barrier built out into the sea to protect a coast or harbour from the force of waves.
bream:A greenish-bronze deep-bodied freshwater fish native to Europe, popular with anglers.
breast:Face and move forward against or through (something)
breastbone:A thin, flat bone running down the center of the chest and connecting the ribs.
breastfeeding:The action of feeding a baby with milk from the breast.
breasting:Face and move forwards against or through (something)
breastplate:A piece of armor covering the chest.
breasts:Face and move forwards against or through (something)
breaststroke:A style of swimming on one's front, in which the arms are pushed forward and then swept back in a circular movement, while the legs are tucked in toward the body and then kicked out in a corresponding movement.
breath:The air taken into or expelled from the lungs.
breathable:(of the air) fit or pleasant to breathe.
breathalysed:(of the police) use a breathalyser to test how much alcohol (a driver) has consumed.
breathalyser:A device used by police for measuring the amount of alcohol in a driver's breath.
breathalysers:A device used by police for measuring the amount of alcohol in a driver's breath.
breathe:Take air into the lungs and then expel it, especially as a regular physiological process.
breathed:Having breath of a specified kind.
breather:A brief pause for rest.
breathes:Take air into the lungs and then expel it, especially as a regular physiological process.
breathing:The process of taking air into and expelling it from the lungs.
breathings:The process of taking air into and expelling it from the lungs.
breathless:Gasping for breath, typically due to exertion.
breathtaking:Astonishing or awe-inspiring in quality, so as to take one's breath away.
breathtakingly:In an astonishing or awe-inspiring way, so as to take one's breath away.
brecciated:Cause (rock) to break down into angular fragments.
bred:(of a person or animal) reared in a specified environment or way.
breech:Dress (a boy) in breeches after he had been in petticoats since birth.
breed:(of animals) mate and then produce offspring.
breeding:The mating and production of offspring by animals.
breeds:(of animals) mate and then produce offspring.
breeze:Come or go in a casual or lighthearted manner.
breezed:Come or go in a casual or light-hearted manner.
breezes:Come or go in a casual or light-hearted manner.
breezier:Pleasantly windy.
breeziest:Pleasantly windy.
breezing:Come or go in a casual or light-hearted manner.
breezy:Pleasantly windy.
brethren:Fellow Christians or members of a male religious order.
breton:A native of Brittany.
brevity:Concise and exact use of words in writing or speech.
brew:Make (beer) by soaking, boiling, and fermentation.
brewed:Make (beer) by soaking, boiling, and fermentation.
brewer:A person or company that manufactures beer.
breweries:A place where beer is made commercially.
brewers:A person or company that manufactures beer.
brewery:A place where beer is made commercially.
brewing:The activity or business of producing beer.
brews:Make (beer) by soaking, boiling, and fermentation.
bribe:Persuade (someone) to act in one's favor, typically illegally or dishonestly, by a gift of money or other inducement.
bribed:Dishonestly persuade (someone) to act in one's favour by a gift of money or other inducement.
bribery:The giving or offering of a bribe.
bribes:Dishonestly persuade (someone) to act in one's favour by a gift of money or other inducement.
bribing:Dishonestly persuade (someone) to act in one's favour by a gift of money or other inducement.
brick:Block or enclose with a wall of bricks.
bricked:Block or enclose with a wall of bricks.
bricking:Block or enclose with a wall of bricks.
bricklayer:A person whose job is to build walls, houses, and other structures with bricks.
bricklayers:A person whose job is to build walls, houses, and other structures with bricks.
bricks:Block or enclose with a wall of bricks.
bridal:Of or concerning a bride or a wedding.
bride:A woman on her wedding day or just before and after the event.
bridegroom:A man on his wedding day or just before and after the event.
brides:A woman on her wedding day or just before and after the event.
bridesmaid:A girl or woman who accompanies a bride on her wedding day.
bridesmaids:A girl or woman, usually one of several, who accompanies a bride on her wedding day.
bridge:Be a bridge over (something)
bridged:Be or make a bridge over (something)
bridgehead:A strong position secured by an army inside enemy territory from which to advance or attack.
bridges:The name of a family of US actors.
bridging:The action of putting a bridge over something.
bridle:Put a bridle on (a horse)
bridled:Put a bridle on (a horse)
bridles:Put a bridle on (a horse)
bridleway:A path or track along which horse riders have right of way.
bridleways:A path or track along which horse riders have right of way.
bridling:Put a bridle on (a horse)
brief:Instruct or inform (someone) thoroughly, especially in preparation for a task.
briefed:Instruct or inform (someone) thoroughly, especially in preparation for a task.
briefer:A person who presents detailed information and offers instruction to someone, especially in preparation for a task.
briefest:Instruct or inform (someone) thoroughly, especially in preparation for a task.
briefing:A meeting for giving information or instructions.
briefings:A meeting for giving information or instructions.
briefly:For a short time; fleetingly.
briefs:Close-fitting legless underpants that are cut so as to cover the body to the waist, in contrast to a bikini.
brig:A two-masted, square-rigged ship with an additional gaff sail on the mainmast.
brigade:Form into a brigade.
brigades:Form into a brigade.
brigadier:A rank of officer in the British army, above colonel and below major general.
brigadiers:A rank of officer in the British army, above colonel and below major general.
brigand:A member of a gang that ambushes and robs people in forests and mountains.
brigands:A member of a gang that ambushes and robs people in forests and mountains.
bright:Luminously.
brighten:Make or become more light.
brightened:Make or become more light.
brightening:Make or become more light.
brightens:Make or become more light.
brighter:Brightly.
brightest:Brightly.
brighton:A resort on the southern coast of England; population 127,700 (est. 2009).
brilliance:Intense brightness of light.
brilliancy:Intense brightness of light.
brilliant:A diamond of brilliant cut.
brim:The projecting edge at the bottom of a hat.
brimming:Be full to the point of overflowing.
brims:Be full to the point of overflowing.
brimstone:Sulfur.
brindled:A brownish or tawny colour of animal fur, with streaks of other colour.
brine:Soak or preserve in salty water.
bring:Take or go with (someone or something) to a place.
bringing:Take or go with (someone or something) to a place.
brings:Take or go with (someone or something) to a place.
brink:An extreme edge of land before a steep or vertical slope.
brinkmanship:The art or practice of pursuing a dangerous policy to the limits of safety before stopping, especially in politics.
brinks:The extreme edge of land before a steep slope or a body or water.
briny:The sea.
brio:Vigor or vivacity of style or performance.
brioche:A light sweet yeast bread typically in the form of a small round roll.
briquettes:A block of compressed coal dust or peat used as fuel.
brisbane:The capital of Queensland, Australia; population 1,945,639 (2008). It was founded in 1824 as a penal colony.
brisk:Active, fast, and energetic.
brisker:Quicken something.
briskest:Quicken something.
bristle:A short stiff hair, typically one of those on an animal's skin, a man's face, or a plant.
bristled:(of hair or fur) stand upright away from the skin, typically as a sign of anger or fear.
bristles:(of hair or fur) stand upright away from the skin, typically as a sign of anger or fear.
bristling:(especially of hair) close-set, stiff, and spiky.
bristly:(of hair or foliage) having a stiff and prickly texture.
brit:A British person.
britain:An island that consists of England, Wales, and Scotland. The name is broadly synonymous with Great Britain, but the longer form is more usual for the political unit.
british:The British people.
britons:A native or inhabitant of Great Britain, or a person of British descent.
brittle:A candy made from nuts and set melted sugar.
broach:Raise (a sensitive or difficult subject) for discussion.
broached:Raise (a difficult subject) for discussion.
broaches:Raise (a difficult subject) for discussion.
broaching:Raise (a difficult subject) for discussion.
broad:A woman.
broadband:A high-capacity transmission technique using a wide range of frequencies, which enables a large number of messages to be communicated simultaneously.
broadcast:A radio or television program or transmission.
broadcaster:An organization that transmits a program or information by radio or television.
broadcasting:The transmission of programs or information by radio or television.
broadcasts:Transmit (a programme or some information) by radio or television.
broaden:Become larger in distance from side to side; widen.
broadened:Become larger in distance from side to side; widen.
broadening:Become larger in distance from side to side; widen.
broadens:Become larger in distance from side to side; widen.
broader:A woman.
broadest:A woman.
broadleaved:(of a tree or plant) having relatively wide flat leaves rather than needles; nonconiferous.
broadloom:Carpet woven in wide widths.
broadly:In general and with the exception of minor details.
broadminded:Tolerant or liberal in one's views and reactions; not easily offended.
broadsheet:A large piece of paper printed on one side only with information; a broadside.
broadsheets:A large piece of paper printed with information on one side only.
broadside:With the side turned to a particular thing.
broadsides:With the side turned in a particular direction.
brochure:A small book or magazine containing pictures and information about a product or service.
brochures:A small book or magazine containing pictures and information about a product or service.
broil:Cook (meat or fish) by exposure to direct, intense radiant heat.
broiled:Cook (meat or fish) by exposure to direct heat.
broiling:Extremely hot; scorching.
broils:Cook (meat or fish) by exposure to direct heat.
broke:past (and archaic past participle) of break
broken:Having been fractured or damaged and no longer in one piece or in working order.
brokenhearted:Overwhelmed by grief or disappointment.
broker:Arrange or negotiate (a settlement, deal, or plan)
brokered:Arrange or negotiate (an agreement)
brokers:Arrange or negotiate (an agreement)
broking:The business or service of buying and selling goods or assets for others.
bromine:The chemical element of atomic number 35, a dark red fuming toxic liquid with a choking, irritating smell. It is a member of the halogen group and occurs chiefly as salts in seawater and brines.
bronchi:Any of the major air passages of the lungs which diverge from the windpipe.
bronchial:Relating to the bronchi or bronchioles.
bronchitis:Inflammation of the mucous membrane in the bronchial tubes. It typically causes bronchospasm and coughing.
bronze:Make (a person or part of the body) suntanned.
bronzed:Attractively and evenly suntanned; tanned.
bronzes:Make (a person or part of the body) suntanned.
brooch:An ornament fastened to clothing with a hinged pin and catch.
brooches:An ornament fastened to clothing with a hinged pin and catch.
brood:Think deeply about something that makes one unhappy.
brooded:Think deeply about something that makes one unhappy, angry, or worried.
brooding:Showing deep unhappiness of thought.
broods:Think deeply about something that makes one unhappy, angry, or worried.
brook:A small stream.
brooklyn:A borough of New York City, at the southwestern corner of Long Island. The Brooklyn Bridge (built 1869–83) links Long Island with lower Manhattan.
brooks:A small stream.
broom:A long-handled brush of bristles or twigs, used for sweeping.
brothel:A house where men can visit prostitutes.
brothels:A house where men visit prostitutes.
brother:A man or boy in relation to other sons and daughters of his parents.
brotherhood:The relationship between brothers.
brotherly:Characteristic of or appropriate for a brother or brothers; fraternal.
brothers:A man or boy in relation to other sons and daughters of his parents.
brought:Take or go with (someone or something) to a place.
brow:A person's forehead.
browbeat:Intimidate (someone), typically into doing something, with stern or abusive words.
browbeaten:Intimidate (someone), typically into doing something, with stern or abusive words.
browbeating:Intimidate (someone), typically into doing something, with stern or abusive words.
brown:Make or become brown, typically by cooking.
browned:Make or become brown, typically by cooking.
browner:Make or become brown, typically by cooking.
brownest:Make or become brown, typically by cooking.
brownie:A small square of rich chocolate cake, typically containing nuts.
browning:A type of water-cooled automatic machine gun.A type of automatic pistol.A gas-operated automatic rifle, typically fired from a bipod.
browns:Make or become brown, typically by cooking.
brows:A person's forehead.
browse:Survey goods for sale in a leisurely and casual way.
browsed:Survey goods for sale in a leisurely and casual way.
browser:A computer program with a graphical user interface for displaying and navigating between web pages.
browses:Survey goods for sale in a leisurely and casual way.
browsing:Survey goods for sale in a leisurely and casual way.
bruise:Inflict a bruise or bruises on (a part of the body)
bruised:(of a person or body part) having a bruise or bruises.
bruiser:A person who is tough and aggressive and enjoys a fight or argument.
bruisers:A person who is tough and aggressive and enjoys a fight or argument.
bruises:Inflict a bruise or bruises on (a part of the body)
bruising:Bruises on the skin.
brunch:A late morning meal eaten instead of breakfast and lunch.
brunei:A small oil-rich constitutional sultanate on the northwestern coast of Borneo, divided by parts of Malaysia's state of Sarawak; population 423,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Bandar Seri Begawan; languages, Malay (official), English, Chinese. Official name Brunei Darussalam.
brunet:A person, typically a woman, with dark brown hair.
brunets:A person, typically a woman, with dark brown hair.
brunette:A person, typically a woman, with dark brown hair.
brunettes:A person, typically a woman, with dark brown hair.
brunt:The worst part or chief impact of a specified thing.
brush:Remove (dust or dirt) by sweeping or scrubbing.
brushed:(of fabric) having a soft raised nap.
brushes:Remove (dust or dirt) by sweeping or scrubbing.
brushing:Remove (dust or dirt) by sweeping or scrubbing.
brushoff:A rejection or dismissal of someone by treating them as unimportant.
brushwork:The way in which painters use their brush, as evident in their paintings.
brushy:Covered in or consisting of brushwood.
brusque:Abrupt or offhand in speech or manner.
brussels:The capital of Belgium, in the central part of the country; population 1,048,491 (2008). The headquarters of the European Commission is located here. Flemish name Brussel.
brutal:Savagely violent.
brutalise:Make (someone) cruel, violent, or insensitive to the pain of others by repeated exposure to violence.
brutalised:Make (someone) cruel, violent, or insensitive to the pain of others by repeated exposure to violence.
brutalising:Inducing cruelty, violence, or insensitivity to the pain of others by repeated exposure to violence.
brutalism:A style of architecture or art characterized by a deliberate plainness, crudity, or violence of imagery. The term was first applied to functionalist buildings of the 1950s and 1960s that made much use of steel and concrete in starkly massive blocks.
brutalities:Savage physical violence; great cruelty.
brutality:Savage physical violence; great cruelty.
brute:A savagely violent person or animal.
brutes:A savagely violent person or animal.
brutish:Resembling or characteristic of a brute.
brutus:A legendary Trojan hero, great-grandson of Aeneas and supposed ancestor of the British people. In medieval legend he was said to have brought a group of Trojans to England and founded Troynovant or New Troy (London).
bub:An aggressive or rude way of addressing a boy or man.
bubble:A thin sphere of liquid enclosing air or another gas.
bubbled:(of a liquid) form rising bubbles of gas or air.
bubblegum:Chewing gum that can be blown into bubbles.
bubbles:(of a liquid) form rising bubbles of gas or air.
bubblier:Champagne.
bubbliest:Champagne.
bubbling:Containing bubbles or making a bubbling sound.
bubbly:Champagne.
bubonic:Causing or characterized by swollen inflamed lymph nodes in the armpit or groin.
buccaneer:A pirate, originally off the Spanish American coasts.
buccaneers:A pirate, originally one operating in the Caribbean.
buck:(of a horse) to perform a buck.
bucked:(of a horse) to perform a buck.
bucket:A roughly cylindrical open container, typically made of metal or plastic, with a handle, used to hold and carry liquids or other material.
bucketing:Rain heavily.
buckets:Rain heavily.
bucking:(of a horse) to perform a buck.
buckle:Fasten with a buckle.
buckled:Fasten with a buckle.
buckler:A small round shield held by a handle or worn on the forearm.
bucklers:A small round shield held by a handle or worn on the forearm.
buckles:Fasten with a buckle.
buckling:A smoked herring.
buckminsterfullerene:A form of carbon having molecules of 60 atoms arranged in a polyhedron resembling a geodesic sphere.
buckpassing:The practice of shifting the responsibility for something to someone else.
bucks:(of a horse) to perform a buck.
buckskin:The skin of a male deer.
bucolic:A pastoral poem.
bud:A compact growth on a plant that develops into a leaf, flower, or shoot.
budapest:The capital of Hungary, in the northern central part of the country; population 1,712,210 (2009). It was formed in 1873 by the union of the city of Buda on the right bank of the Danube River with the city of Pest on the left.
budded:(of a plant or animal) form a bud.
buddhism:A widespread Asian religion or philosophy, founded by Siddartha Gautama in northeastern India in the 5th century BC.
buddhist:An adherent of the religion based on the teachings of Buddha.
budding:(of a plant) having or developing buds.
buddy:A close friend.
budge:Make or cause to make the slightest movement.
budged:Make or cause to make the slightest movement.
budgerigar:A small gregarious Australian parakeet that in the wild is green with a yellow head. It is popular as a pet bird and has been bred in a variety of colors.
budget:An estimate of income and expenditure for a set period of time.
budgeted:(of a sum of money) provided for a particular purpose from a budget.
budgeting:Allow or provide a particular amount of money in a budget.
budgets:Allow or provide a particular amount of money in a budget.
budgie:A budgerigar.
budgies:A budgerigar.
budging:Make or cause to make the slightest movement.
buds:(of a plant or animal) form a bud.
buff:Polish (something)
buffalo:Overawe or intimidate (someone)
buffer:Lessen or moderate the impact of (something)
buffered:Lessen or moderate the impact of (something)
buffering:Lessen or moderate the impact of (something)
buffers:Lessen or moderate the impact of (something)
buffet:A meal consisting of several dishes from which guests serve themselves.
buffeted:A meal consisting of several dishes from which guests serve themselves.
buffeting:The action of striking someone or something repeatedly and violently.
buffets:A meal consisting of several dishes from which guests serve themselves.
buffing:Polish (something)
buffoon:A ridiculous but amusing person; a clown.
buffoons:A ridiculous but amusing person; a clown.
buffs:Polish (something)
bug:Conceal a miniature microphone in (a room or device) in order to monitor or record someone's conversations.
bugbear:A cause of obsessive fear, irritation, or loathing.
bugbears:A cause of obsessive fear, anxiety, or irritation.
bugged:Conceal a miniature microphone in (a room or device) in order to listen to or record someone's conversations secretly.
bugger:Cause serious harm or damage to.
buggered:(of a person) extremely tired.
buggering:Cause serious harm or damage to.
buggers:Cause serious harm or damage to.
buggery:Anal sexual intercourse.
bugging:Conceal a miniature microphone in (a room or device) in order to listen to or record someone's conversations secretly.
bugle:A brass instrument like a small trumpet, typically without valves or keys and used for military signals.
bugs:Conceal a miniature microphone in (a room or device) in order to listen to or record someone's conversations secretly.
build:Construct (something) by putting parts or material together.
builder:A person who constructs something by putting parts or material together over a period of time.
builders:A person who constructs something by putting parts or material together.
building:A structure with a roof and walls, such as a house, school, store, or factory.
buildings:A structure with a roof and walls, such as a house or factory.
builds:Construct (something) by putting parts or material together.
buildup:A gradual accumulation or increase, typically of something negative and typically leading to a problem or crisis.
built:past and past participle of build
bulb:A rounded underground storage organ present in some plants, notably those of the lily family, consisting of a short stem surrounded by fleshy scale leaves or leaf bases, lying dormant over winter.
bulbous:Fat, round, or bulging.
bulbs:A rounded underground storage organ present in some plants, notably those of the lily family, consisting of a short stem surrounded by fleshy scale leaves or leaf bases, lying dormant over winter.
bulgaria:A country in southeastern Europe on the western shores of the Black Sea; population 7,100,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Bulgarian; capital, Sofia.
bulge:A rounded swelling or protuberance that distorts a flat surface.
bulged:Swell or protrude to an incongruous extent.
bulges:Swell or protrude to an incongruous extent.
bulging:Swelling outward; protruding.
bulimia:An emotional disorder involving distortion of body image and an obsessive desire to lose weight, in which bouts of extreme overeating are followed by depression and self-induced vomiting, purging, or fasting.An eating disorder in which a large quantity of food is consumed in a short period of time, often followed by feelings of guilt or shame.
bulk:Be or seem to be of great size or importance.
bulkier:Taking up much space; large and unwieldy.
bulkiest:Taking up much space; large and unwieldy.
bulks:Treat (a product) so that its quantity appears greater than it is.
bulky:Taking up much space, typically inconveniently; large and unwieldy.
bull:Push or drive powerfully or violently.
bulldog:Wrestle (a steer) to the ground by holding its horns and twisting its neck.
bulldoze:Clear (ground) or destroy (buildings, trees, etc.) with a bulldozer.
bulldozed:Clear (ground) or destroy (buildings, trees, etc.) with a bulldozer.
bulldozing:Clear (ground) or destroy (buildings, trees, etc.) with a bulldozer.
bullet:A metal projectile for firing from a rifle, revolver, or other small firearm, typically cylindrical and pointed, and sometimes containing an explosive.
bulletin:A short official statement or broadcast summary of news.
bulletins:A short official statement or broadcast summary of news.
bullets:A metal projectile for firing from a rifle, revolver, or other small firearm, typically cylindrical and pointed, and sometimes containing an explosive.
bullfight:A public spectacle, particularly in Spain, Portugal, and Latin America, at which a bull is baited in a highly stylized manner and then usually killed.
bullfighting:The sport of baiting and killing a bull as a public spectacle in an outdoor arena.
bullfinch:A stocky Eurasian finch with a short, thick bill, and typically with gray or pinkish plumage, dark wings, and a white rump.
bullied:Seek to harm, intimidate, or coerce (someone perceived as vulnerable)
bullies:Seek to harm, intimidate, or coerce (someone perceived as vulnerable)
bullion:Gold or silver in bulk before coining, or valued by weight.
bullish:Resembling a bull.
bullock:another term for steer
bullocks:Work long and hard.
bully:Seek to harm, intimidate, or coerce (someone perceived as vulnerable)
bullying:Seek to harm, intimidate, or coerce (someone perceived as vulnerable)
bulrushes:A tall reedlike water plant with a dark brown velvety cylindrical head of numerous tiny flowers.
bulwark:A defensive wall.
bulwarks:A defensive wall.
bum:Get by asking or begging.
bumble:Move or act in an awkward or confused manner.
bumbled:Move or act in an awkward or confused manner.
bumbles:Move or act in an awkward or confused manner.
bumbling:Acting in a confused or ineffectual way; incompetent.
bump:Knock or run into someone or something with a jolt.
bumped:Knock or run into someone or something with a jolt.
bumper:A horizontal bar fixed across the front or back of a motor vehicle to reduce damage in a collision or as a trim.
bumpers:A horizontal bar fixed across the front or back of a motor vehicle to reduce damage in a collision.
bumpier:(of a surface) uneven, with many patches raised above the rest.
bumpiest:(of a surface) uneven, with many patches raised above the rest.
bumping:Knock or run into someone or something with a jolt.
bumpkin:An unsophisticated or socially awkward person from the countryside.
bumpkins:An unsophisticated or socially awkward person from the countryside.
bumps:Knock or run into someone or something with a jolt.
bumptious:Self-assertive or proud to an irritating degree.
bumpy:(of a surface) uneven, with many patches raised above the rest.
bums:Get by asking or begging.
bun:A bread roll of various shapes and flavorings, typically sweetened and often containing dried fruit.
bunch:Collect or fasten into a compact group.
bunched:Collect or fasten into a compact group.
bunches:Collect or fasten into a compact group.
bunching:Collect or fasten into a compact group.
bundle:Tie or roll up (a number of things) together as though into a parcel.
bundled:Tie or roll up (a number of things) together as though into a parcel.
bundles:Tie or roll up (a number of things) together as though into a parcel.
bundling:The selling of different items, typically of hardware or software, together as a package.
bung:Close with a stopper.
bungee:A long nylon-cased rubber band used for securing luggage and in bungee jumping.
bungle:Carry out (a task) clumsily or incompetently.
bungled:(of a task) carried out clumsily or incompetently.
bungler:A person who habitually bungles things.
bunglers:A person who habitually bungles things.
bungles:Carry out (a task) clumsily or incompetently.
bungling:The action or fact of carrying out a task clumsily or incompetently.
bunion:A painful swelling on the first joint of the big toe.
bunk:A narrow shelflike bed, typically one of two or more arranged one on top of the other.
bunked:Sleep in a bunk or improvised bed, typically in shared quarters.
bunks:Sleep in a bunk or improvised bed, typically in shared quarters.
bunkum:Nonsense.
bunny:A rabbit, especially a young one.A person of a specified type or in a specified mood.
bunting:An Old World seed-eating songbird related to the finches, typically with brown streaked plumage and a boldly marked head.
buoy:Keep (someone or something) afloat.
buoyancy:The ability or tendency to float in water or air or some other fluid.
buoyant:Able or apt to stay afloat or rise to the top of a liquid or gas.
buoyed:Keep (someone or something) afloat.
buoys:Keep (someone or something) afloat.
burble:Make a continuous murmuring noise.
burbled:Make a continuous murmuring noise.
burbles:Make a continuous murmuring noise.
burbling:Continuous murmuring noise.
burden:Load heavily.
burdened:Load heavily.
burdening:Load heavily.
burdens:Load heavily.
burdensome:Difficult to carry out or fulfill; taxing.
burdock:A large herbaceous Old World plant of the daisy family. The hook-bearing flowers become woody burrs after fertilization and cling to animals' coats for seed dispersal.
bureau:A chest of drawers.
bureaucracy:A system of government in which most of the important decisions are made by state officials rather than by elected representatives.
bureaucrat:An official in a government department, in particular one perceived as being concerned with procedural correctness at the expense of people's needs.
bureaucratic:Relating to the business of running an organization, or government.
bureaucrats:An official in a government department, in particular one perceived as being concerned with procedural correctness at the expense of people's needs.
bureaus:A writing desk with drawers and typically an angled top opening downwards to form a writing surface.
bureaux:A writing desk with drawers and typically an angled top opening downwards to form a writing surface.
burg:An ancient or medieval fortress or walled town.
burgeon:Begin to grow or increase rapidly; flourish.
burgeoned:Begin to grow or increase rapidly; flourish.
burgeoning:Beginning to grow or increase rapidly; flourishing.
burgeons:Begin to grow or increase rapidly; flourish.
burger:A dish consisting of a round patty of ground beef, or sometimes another savory ingredient, that is fried or grilled and typically served in a split bun or roll with various condiments and toppings.
burgers:A dish consisting of a flat round cake of minced beef, or sometimes another savoury ingredient, that is fried or grilled and served in a split bun or roll with various condiments and toppings.
burglar:A person who commits burglary.
burglaries:Illegal entry of a building with intent to commit a crime, especially theft.
burglars:A person who commits burglary.
burglary:Entry into a building illegally with intent to commit a crime, especially theft.
burgle:Enter (a building) illegally with intent to commit a crime, especially theft; burglarize.
burgled:Enter (a building) illegally with intent to commit a crime, especially theft.
burgles:Enter (a building) illegally with intent to commit a crime, especially theft.
burgling:Enter (a building) illegally with intent to commit a crime, especially theft.
burgundy:A wine from Burgundy (usually taken to be red unless otherwise specified)
burial:The action or practice of interring a dead body.
buried:Placed or hidden underground.
buries:Put or hide underground.
burlesque:Cause to appear absurd by parodying or copying in an exaggerated form.
burlesquing:Parody or imitate in an absurd or comically exaggerated way.
burlier:(of a person) large and strong; heavily built.
burliest:(of a person) large and strong; heavily built.
burly:(of a person) large and strong; heavily built.
burma:A country in Southeast Asia, on the Bay of Bengal; population 53,600,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Burmese; capital, Naypyidaw.
burmese:A member of the largest ethnic group of Burma (Myanmar) in Southeast Asia.
burn:(of a fire) produce flames and heat while consuming a material such as coal or wood.
burned:(of a fire) produce flames and heat while consuming a material such as coal or wood.
burning:On fire.
burnished:(especially of metal) polished by rubbing.
burnishing:Polish (something, especially metal) by rubbing.
burns:(of a fire) produce flames and heat while consuming a material such as coal or wood.
burnt:(of a fire) produce flames and heat while consuming a material such as coal or wood.
burp:Noisily release air from the stomach through the mouth; belch.
burped:Noisily release air from the stomach through the mouth; belch.
burping:Noisily release air from the stomach through the mouth; belch.
burps:Noisily release air from the stomach through the mouth; belch.
burr:Make a whirring sound.
burrow:A hole or tunnel dug by a small animal, especially a rabbit, as a dwelling.
burrowed:(of an animal) make a hole or tunnel, typically for use as a dwelling.
burrowing:(of an animal) making holes or tunnels, typically for use as a dwelling.
burrows:(of an animal) make a hole or tunnel, typically for use as a dwelling.
burst:(of a container) break suddenly and violently apart, spilling the contents, typically as a result of an impact or internal pressure.
bursting:Break open or apart suddenly and violently, especially as a result of an impact or internal pressure.
bursts:Break open or apart suddenly and violently, especially as a result of an impact or internal pressure.
burundi:A central African country on the northeastern side of Lake Tanganyika, south of Rwanda; population 11,200,000 (estimated 2015); official languages, French and Kirundi; capital, Bujumbura.
bury:Put or hide under ground.
burying:Put or hide underground.
bus:Transport in a communal road vehicle.
buses:Transport in a communal road vehicle.
bush:A shrub or clump of shrubs with stems of moderate length.
bushel:A measure of capacity equal to 64 US pints (equivalent to 35.2 liters), used for dry goods.
bushes:Spread out into a thick clump.
bushier:Growing thickly.
bushiest:Growing thickly.
bushing:A metal lining for a round hole, especially one in which an axle revolves.
bushland:Wild or uncultivated country.
bushy:Growing thickly into or so as to resemble a bush.
busied:Keep oneself occupied.
busier:Keep oneself occupied.
busies:Keep oneself occupied.
busiest:Keep oneself occupied.
busily:In a very active way.
business:A person's regular occupation, profession, or trade.
businesses:A person's regular occupation, profession, or trade.
businesslike:(of a person) carrying out tasks efficiently without wasting time or being distracted by personal or other concerns; systematic and practical.
businessman:A man who works in business or commerce, especially at an executive level.
businessmen:A man who works in commerce, especially at executive level.
businesswoman:A woman who works in business or commerce, especially at an executive level.
busk:Perform music or other entertainment in the street or another public place for monetary donations.
busker:A person who performs music or other entertainment in the street or another public place for monetary donations.
buskers:A person who performs music or other entertainment in the street or another public place for monetary donations.
busking:The activity of playing music in the street or another public place for voluntary donations.
busman:A driver of a bus.
busmen:A driver of a bus.
bust:A woman's chest as measured around her breasts.
bustard:A large, heavily built, swift-running bird, found in open country in the Old World. The males of most bustards have a spectacular courtship display.
bustards:A large, heavily built, swift-running bird, found in open country in the Old World. The males of most bustards have a spectacular courtship display.
busted:A woman's chest as measured around her breasts.
bustier:A close-fitting strapless top worn by women.
busting:A woman's chest as measured around her breasts.
bustle:Move in an energetic or noisy manner.
bustled:Move in an energetic and busy manner.
bustles:Move in an energetic and busy manner.
bustling:(of a place) full of activity.
busts:A woman's chest as measured around her breasts.
busy:Keep occupied.
busybodies:A meddling or prying person.
busybody:A meddling or prying person.
busying:Keep oneself occupied.
but:Except; apart from; other than.
butane:A flammable hydrocarbon gas that is a constituent of petroleum and is used in bottled form as a fuel. It is a member of the alkane series.
butcher:Slaughter or cut up (an animal) for food.
butchered:Slaughter or cut up (an animal) for food.
butchering:Slaughter or cut up (an animal) for food.
butchers:Slaughter or cut up (an animal) for food.
butchery:The work of slaughtering animals and preparing them for sale as meat.
butler:The chief manservant of a house.
buts:Except; apart from; other than.
butt:(of a person or animal) hit (someone or something) with the head or horns.
butted:(of a person or animal) hit (someone or something) with the head or horns.
butter:Spread (something) with butter.
butterfat:The natural fat contained in milk and dairy products.
butterflies:Split (a piece of meat or fish) almost in two and spread it out flat.
butterfly:Split (a piece of meat or fish) almost in two and spread it out flat.
buttermilk:The slightly sour liquid left after butter has been churned, used in baking or consumed as a drink.
butterscotch:A flavor created originally by combining melted butter with brown sugar.
butting:(of a person or animal) hit (someone or something) with the head or horns.
button:Fasten (clothing) with buttons.
buttoned:(of clothing) fastened or decorated by buttons.
buttonhole:Attract the attention of and detain (someone) in conversation, typically against his or her will.
buttonholed:Attract the attention of and detain (someone) in conversation, typically against their will.
buttonholes:Attract the attention of and detain (someone) in conversation, typically against their will.
buttoning:Fasten (clothing) with buttons.
buttons:A nickname for a liveried pageboy, especially in pantomimes.
buttress:Provide (a building or structure) with projecting supports built against its walls.
buttressed:(of a building or structure) strengthened or supported with a buttress.
buttresses:Provide (a building or structure) with buttresses.
buttressing:Provide (a building or structure) with buttresses.
butts:(of a person or animal) hit (someone or something) with the head or horns.
buxom:(of a woman) plump, especially with large breasts.
buy:Obtain in exchange for payment.
buyer:A person who makes a purchase.
buyers:A person who makes a purchase.
buying:Obtain in exchange for payment.
buyout:The purchase of a controlling share in a company.
buys:Obtain in exchange for payment.
buzz:A low, continuous humming or murmuring sound, made by or similar to that made by an insect.
buzzard:A large hawklike bird of prey with broad wings and a rounded tail, typically seen soaring in wide circles.
buzzards:A large hawklike bird of prey with broad wings and a rounded tail, often seen soaring in wide circles.
buzzed:Slightly drunk; tipsy.
buzzes:Make a low, continuous humming sound.
buzzing:A low, continuous humming or murmuring sound.
by:Identifying the agent performing an action.
bye:The transfer of a competitor directly to the next round of a competition in the absence of an assigned opponent.
byelection:An election held in a single political constituency to fill a vacancy arising during a government's term of office.
byelections:An election held in a single political constituency to fill a vacancy arising during a government's term of office.
byes:Identifying the agent performing an action.
bygone:A thing dating from an earlier time.
bylaw:A rule made by a company or society to control the actions of its members.
bylaws:A regulation made by a local authority or corporation.
byline:A line in a newspaper naming the writer of an article.
bypass:Go past or around.
bypassed:Go past or round.
bypasses:Go past or round.
bypassing:Go past or round.
byproduct:An incidental or secondary product made in the manufacture or synthesis of something else.
bystander:A person who is present at an event or incident but does not take part.
bystanders:A person who is present at an event or incident but does not take part.
byword:A person or thing cited as a notorious and outstanding example or embodiment of something.
cab:A taxicab.
cabal:A secret political clique or faction.
cabals:A secret political clique or faction.
cabaret:Entertainment held in a nightclub or restaurant while the audience eats or drinks at tables.
cabarets:Entertainment held in a nightclub or restaurant while the audience eat or drink at tables.
cabbage:A cultivated plant eaten as a vegetable, having thick green or purple leaves surrounding a spherical heart or head of young leaves.
cabby:A taxi driver.
cabin:Confine within narrow bounds.
cabins:Confine within narrow bounds.
cable:Contact or send a message to (someone) by cablegram.
cabled:Send a message to (someone) by cablegram.
cables:Send a message to (someone) by cablegram.
cableway:A transportation system in which goods are carried suspended from a continuous moving cable.
cabling:Send a message to (someone) by cablegram.
cabriolet:A car with a roof that folds down.
cabs:Travel in a taxi.
cacao:Seeds from a small tropical American evergreen tree, from which cocoa, cocoa butter, and chocolate are made.
cache:Store away in hiding or for future use.
cached:Store away in hiding or for future use.
caches:Store away in hiding or for future use.
cachet:The state of being respected or admired; prestige.
caching:Store away in hiding or for future use.
cackle:Make a harsh, raucous sound when laughing.
cacophonous:Involving or producing a harsh, discordant mixture of sounds.
cacophony:A harsh discordant mixture of sounds.
cacti:A succulent plant with a thick fleshy stem which typically bears spines, lacks leaves, and has brilliantly coloured flowers. Cacti are native to arid regions of the New World and are cultivated elsewhere, especially as pot plants.
cactus:A succulent plant with a thick, fleshy stem that typically bears spines, lacks leaves, and has brilliantly colored flowers. Cacti are native to arid regions of the New World and are cultivated elsewhere, especially as houseplants.
cactuses:A succulent plant with a thick fleshy stem which typically bears spines, lacks leaves, and has brilliantly coloured flowers. Cacti are native to arid regions of the New World and are cultivated elsewhere, especially as pot plants.
cad:A man who behaves dishonorably, especially toward a woman.
cadaver:A corpse.
cadaverous:Resembling a corpse in being very pale, thin, or bony.
cadavers:A corpse.
caddie:A person who carries a golfer's clubs and provides other assistance during a match.
caddied:A small storage container, typically one with divisions.
caddies:A small storage container, typically one with divisions.
caddy:A small storage container, typically one with divisions.
caddying:A small storage container, typically one with divisions.
cadence:A modulation or inflection of the voice.
cadences:A modulation or inflection of the voice.
cadenza:A virtuoso solo passage inserted into a movement in a concerto or other work, typically near the end.
cadenzas:A virtuoso solo passage inserted into a movement in a concerto or other musical work, typically near the end.
cadge:Ask for or obtain (something to which one is not strictly entitled)
cadged:Ask for or obtain (something to which one is not strictly entitled)
cadges:Ask for or obtain (something to which one is not strictly entitled)
cadmium:The chemical element of atomic number 48, a silvery-white metal.
cads:A man who behaves dishonourably, especially towards a woman.
caesar:A title used by Roman emperors, especially those from Augustus to Hadrian.
cafe:A small restaurant selling light meals and drinks.
cafes:A small restaurant selling light meals and drinks.
cafeteria:A restaurant or dining room in a school or a business in which customers serve themselves or are served from a counter and pay before eating.
cafeterias:A restaurant in which customers serve themselves from a counter and pay before eating.
caftan:A man's long belted tunic, worn in countries of the Near East.
caftans:A man's long belted tunic, worn in countries of the Near East.
cage:Confine in or as in a cage.
caged:Confined in a cage.
cages:Confine in a cage.
cagey:Reluctant to give information owing to caution or suspicion.
cagiest:Reluctant to give information owing to caution or suspicion.
caging:Confine in a cage.
cagoule:A lightweight, hooded, thigh-length waterproof jacket.
cagoules:A lightweight, hooded, thigh-length waterproof jacket.
cagy:Reluctant to give information owing to caution or suspicion.
caiman:A semiaquatic reptile similar to the alligator but with a heavily armored belly, native to tropical America.
caimans:A semiaquatic reptile similar to the alligator but with a heavily armoured belly, native to tropical America.
cain:(in the Bible) the eldest son of Adam and Eve and murderer of his brother Abel.
cairn:A mound of rough stones built as a memorial or landmark, typically on a hilltop or skyline.
cairo:The capital of Egypt, a port on the Nile near the head of its delta; population 6,758,600 (est. 2006).
cajole:Persuade (someone) to do something by sustained coaxing or flattery.
cajoled:Persuade (someone) to do something by sustained coaxing or flattery.
cajoling:Persuade (someone) to do something by sustained coaxing or flattery.
cake:(of a thick or sticky substance that hardens when dry) cover and become encrusted on (the surface of an object)
caked:(of a thick or sticky substance that hardens when dry) cover and become encrusted on (the surface of an object)
cakes:(of a thick or sticky substance that hardens when dry) cover and become encrusted on (the surface of an object)
caking:(of a thick or sticky substance that hardens when dry) cover and become encrusted on (the surface of an object)
calamities:An event causing great and often sudden damage or distress; a disaster.
calamitous:Involving calamity; catastrophic or disastrous.
calamity:An event causing great and often sudden damage or distress; a disaster.
calcareous:Containing calcium carbonate; chalky.
calcite:A white or colorless mineral consisting of calcium carbonate. It is a major constituent of sedimentary rocks such as limestone and is deposited in caves to form stalactites and stalagmites.
calcium:The chemical element of atomic number 20, a soft gray metal.
calculate:Determine (the amount or number of something) mathematically.
calculated:(of an action) done with full awareness of the likely consequences.
calculates:Determine (the amount or number of something) mathematically.
calculating:Acting in a scheming and ruthlessly determined way.
calculation:A mathematical determination of the size or number of something.
calculations:A mathematical determination of the amount or number of something.
calculus:The branch of mathematics that deals with the finding and properties of derivatives and integrals of functions, by methods originally based on the summation of infinitesimal differences. The two main types are differential calculus and integral calculus.
caldron:A large metal pot with a lid and handle, used for cooking over an open fire.
calendar:Enter (something) in a calendar or timetable.
calendars:Enter (something) in a calendar or timetable.
calf:A young bovine animal, especially a domestic cow or bull in its first year.
calibre:The quality of someone's character or the level of their ability.
calico:Printed cotton fabric.
california:A state in the western US, on the coast of the Pacific Ocean; population 36,756,666 (est. 2008); capital, Sacramento. Formerly part of Mexico, it was ceded to the US in 1847, and became the 31st state of the US in 1850.
call:Give (an infant or animal) a specified name.
callable:Designating a bond that can be paid off earlier than the maturity date.
called:Give (a baby or animal) a specified name.
caller:A person who makes a phone call or pays a brief visit.
calligraphic:Relating to calligraphy.
calling:The loud cries or shouts of an animal or person.
callings:The action or sound of calling.
callisthenics:Gymnastic exercises to achieve bodily fitness and grace of movement.
callous:Showing or having an insensitive and cruel disregard for others.
calloused:(of a part of the body) having an area of hardened skin.
callow:(of a young person) inexperienced and immature.
calls:Give (a baby or animal) a specified name.
calm:Make (someone) tranquil and quiet; soothe.
calmed:Make (someone) tranquil and quiet; soothe.
calmer:Make (someone) tranquil and quiet; soothe.
calmest:Make (someone) tranquil and quiet; soothe.
calming:Make (someone) tranquil and quiet; soothe.
calmly:Without agitation or strong emotion.
calms:Make (someone) tranquil and quiet; soothe.
calorie:The energy needed to raise the temperature of 1 gram of water through 1 °C (now usually defined as 4.1868 joules).
calories:The energy needed to raise the temperature of 1 gram of water through 1 °C (now usually defined as 4.1868 joules).
calorific:Relating to the amount of energy contained in food or fuel.
calorimeter:An apparatus for measuring the amount of heat involved in a chemical reaction or other process.
calorimeters:An apparatus for measuring the amount of heat involved in a chemical reaction or other process.
calumnies:Slander (someone).
calumny:The making of false and defamatory statements about someone in order to damage their reputation; slander.
calve:(of cows and certain other large animals) give birth to a calf.
calves:A young bovine animal, especially a domestic cow or bull in its first year.
calving:(of cows and certain other large animals) give birth to a calf.
calypso:A kind of West Indian (originally Trinidadian) music in syncopated African rhythm, typically with words improvised on a topical theme.
cam:A projection on a rotating part in machinery, designed to make sliding contact with another part while rotating and to impart reciprocal or variable motion to it.
camaraderie:Mutual trust and friendship among people who spend a lot of time together.
cambodia:A country in Southeast Asia between Thailand and southern Vietnam; population 15,600,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Khmer; capital, Phnom Penh.
came:past of come
camelot:(in Arthurian legend) the place where King Arthur held his court.
cameo:A small character part in a play or movie, played by a distinguished actor or a celebrity.
camera:A device for recording visual images in the form of photographs, film, or video signals.
cameraman:A person whose profession is operating a television or movie camera.
cameramen:A person whose profession is operating a video, television, or film camera.
camerawork:The way in which cameras are used in a movie or television program.
camomile:An aromatic European plant of the daisy family, with white and yellow flowers.
camouflage:Hide or disguise the presence of (a person, animal, or object) by means of camouflage.
camouflaged:Hide or disguise the presence of (a person, animal, or object) by means of camouflage.
camouflages:Hide or disguise the presence of (a person, animal, or object) by means of camouflage.
camouflaging:Hide or disguise the presence of (a person, animal, or object) by means of camouflage.
camp:A place with temporary accommodations of huts, tents, or other structures, typically used by soldiers, refugees, prisoners, or travelers.
campaign:An organized course of action to achieve a goal.
campaigned:Work in an organized and active way towards a particular goal, typically a political or social one.
campaigner:A person who actively promotes the goals of a cause.
campaigners:A person who works in an organized and active way towards a goal.
campaigning:Work in an organized and active way towards a particular goal, typically a political or social one.
campaigns:Work in an organized and active way towards a particular goal, typically a political or social one.
camped:Live for a time in a tent, especially while on holiday.
camper:A person who spends a vacation in a tent or camp.
campers:A person who spends a holiday in a tent or holiday camp.
camphor:A white volatile crystalline substance with an aromatic smell and bitter taste, occurring in certain essential oils.
camping:The activity of spending a vacation living in a camp, tent, or camper.
camps:Live for a time in a tent, especially while on holiday.
campus:The grounds and buildings of a university or college.
camshaft:A shaft with one or more cams attached to it, especially one operating the valves in an internal combustion engine.
can:Be able to.
canaan:The biblical name for the area of ancient Palestine west of the River Jordan, the Promised Land of the Israelites, who conquered and occupied it during the latter part of the 2nd millennium BC.
canada:A country in northern North America, the second largest country in the world; population 35,900,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Ottawa; official languages, English and French.
canadian:A native or inhabitant of Canada.
canal:An artificial waterway constructed to allow the passage of boats or ships inland or to convey water for irrigation.
canals:An artificial waterway constructed to allow the passage of boats or ships inland or to convey water for irrigation.
canberra:The capital of Australia and seat of the federal government, in the Australian Capital Territory; it is an enclave within New South Wales; population 345,257 (2008).
cancan:A lively, high-kicking stage dance originating in 19th-century Parisian music halls and performed by women in long skirts and petticoats.
cancel:Decide or announce that (a planned event) will not take place.
cancellation:The action of canceling something that has been arranged or planned.
cancelled:Decide or announce that (a planned event) will not take place.
cancelling:Decide or announce that (a planned event) will not take place.
cancels:Decide or announce that (a planned event) will not take place.
cancer:A disease caused by an uncontrolled division of abnormal cells in a part of the body.
candelas:The SI unit of luminous intensity. One candela is the luminous intensity, in a given direction, of a source that emits monochromatic radiation of frequency 540 × 10¹² Hz and that has a radiant intensity in that direction of 1/683 watt per steradian.
candid:Truthful and straightforward; frank.
candidate:A person who applies for a job or is nominated for election.
candidates:A person who applies for a job or is nominated for election.
candies:Preserve (fruit, nuts, etc.) by coating and saturating it with a sugar syrup.
candle:(of a poultry breeder) test (an egg) for freshness or fertility by holding it to the light.
candlelight:Dim light provided by a candle or candles.
candlelit:Lit by a candle or candles.
candlepower:Illuminating power expressed in candelas or candles.
candles:(of a poultry breeder) test (an egg) for freshness or fertility by holding it to the light.
candlesticks:A support or holder for one or more candles, typically one that is tall and thin.
candour:The quality of being open and honest; frankness.
candy:Preserve (fruit, nuts, etc.) by coating and saturating it with a sugar syrup.
cane:Beat with a cane as a punishment.
caned:(of furniture) made or repaired with cane.
canes:Beat with a cane as a punishment.
canine:A dog.
caning:A beating with a cane as a punishment.
canings:A beating with a cane as a punishment.
cannabis:A tall plant with a stiff upright stem, divided serrated leaves, and glandular hairs. It is used to produce hemp fiber and as a drug.
canned:(of food or drink) preserved or supplied in a sealed can.
cannery:A factory where food is canned.
cannes:A resort on the Mediterranean coast of France; population 71,526 (2006). An international film festival is held here annually.
cannibal:A person who eats the flesh of other human beings.
cannibalism:The practice of eating the flesh of one's own species.
cannibals:A person who eats the flesh of other human beings.
canning:Be able to.
cannon:A large, heavy piece of artillery, typically mounted on wheels, formerly used in warfare.
cannoned:Collide with something forcefully or at an angle.
cannoning:Collide with something forcefully or at an angle.
cannons:Collide with something forcefully or at an angle.
cannot:Can not.
canny:Having or showing shrewdness and good judgment, especially in money or business matters.
canoe:Travel in or paddle a canoe.
canoed:Travel in or paddle a canoe.
canoeing:The sport or activity of paddling a light, narrow boat.
canoes:Travel in or paddle a canoe.
canon:A general law, rule, principle, or criterion by which something is judged.
canonical:According to or ordered by canon law.
canonise:(in the Roman Catholic Church) officially declare (a dead person) to be a saint.
canonised:(in the Roman Catholic Church) officially declare (a dead person) to be a saint.
canons:A general law, rule, principle, or criterion by which something is judged.
canopied:Covered or provided with a canopy.
canopies:Cover or provide with a canopy.
canopy:Cover or provide with a canopy.
cans:Be able to.
cant:Hypocritical and sanctimonious talk, typically of a moral, religious, or political nature.
cantankerous:Bad-tempered, argumentative, and uncooperative.
canted:Talk hypocritically and sanctimoniously about something.
canteen:A restaurant provided by an organization such as a military camp, college, factory, or company for its soldiers, students, staff, etc.
canteens:A restaurant provided by an organization such as a college, factory, or company for its students or staff.
cantilevered:(of a projecting beam or structure) fixed or supported at only one end.
canvas:Cover with canvas.
canvass:Solicit votes from (electors in a constituency)
canvassed:Cover with canvas.
canvasses:Cover with canvas.
canvassing:Cover with canvas.
canyon:A deep gorge, typically one with a river flowing through it.
canyons:A deep gorge, typically one with a river flowing through it, as found in North America.
cap:Put a lid or cover on.
capability:The power or ability to do something.
capable:Having the ability, fitness, or quality necessary to do or achieve a specified thing.
capacious:Having a lot of space inside; roomy.
capacitance:The ability of a system to store an electric charge.
capacities:The maximum amount that something can contain.
capacitive:Denoting or relating to a touchscreen that works by sensing when something that conducts electricity, such as a fingertip, is in contact with the screen.
capacitor:A device used to store an electric charge, consisting of one or more pairs of conductors separated by an insulator.
capacitors:A device used to store an electric charge, consisting of one or more pairs of conductors separated by an insulator.
capacity:The maximum amount that something can contain.
cape:(in bullfighting) taunt (the bull) by flourishing a cape.
caped:Wearing a cape or sleeveless cloak.
caper:Skip or dance about in a lively or playful way.
capered:Skip or dance about in a lively or playful way.
capering:Skip or dance about in a lively or playful way.
capers:Skip or dance about in a lively or playful way.
capes:(in bullfighting) taunt (the bull) by flourishing a cape.
capital:The most important city or town of a country or region, usually its seat of government and administrative center.A place associated more than any other with a specified activity or product.
capitalise:Take the chance to gain advantage from.
capitalised:(of a word or letter) written as a capital letter or in capital letters.
capitalises:Take the chance to gain advantage from.
capitalising:Take the chance to gain advantage from.
capitalism:An economic and political system in which a country's trade and industry are controlled by private owners for profit, rather than by the state.
capitalist:A wealthy person who uses money to invest in trade and industry for profit in accordance with the principles of capitalism.
capitalistic:Supporting or based on the principles of capitalism.
capitalists:A person who uses their wealth to invest in trade and industry for profit in accordance with the principles of capitalism.
capitals:The city or town that functions as the seat of government and administrative centre of a country or region.A place associated more than any other with a specified activity or product.
capitate:The largest of the carpal bones, situated at the base of the palm of the hand and articulating with the third metacarpal.
capitulate:Cease to resist an opponent or an unwelcome demand; surrender.
capitulated:Cease to resist an opponent or an unwelcome demand; yield.
capitulates:Cease to resist an opponent or an unwelcome demand; yield.
capitulating:Cease to resist an opponent or an unwelcome demand; yield.
capitulation:The action of surrendering or ceasing to resist an opponent or demand.
capped:Put a lid or cover on.
capping:Put a lid or cover on.
capri:An island off the western coast of Italy, south of Naples.
caprice:A sudden and unaccountable change of mood or behavior.
caprices:A sudden and unaccountable change of mood or behaviour.
capricious:Given to sudden and unaccountable changes of mood or behavior.
capris:Close-fitting tapered trousers for women.
caps:Capital letters.
capsize:(of a boat) overturn in the water.
capsized:(of a boat) overturned in the water.
capsizes:(of a boat) be overturned in the water.
capsizing:(of a boat) be overturned in the water.
capstan:A broad revolving cylinder with a vertical axis used for winding a rope or cable, powered by a motor or pushed around by levers.
capstans:A broad revolving cylinder with a vertical axis used for winding a rope or cable, powered by a motor or pushed round by levers.
capsule:A small case or container, especially a round or cylindrical one.
capsules:A small case or container, especially a round or cylindrical one.
captain:Be the captain of (a ship, aircraft, or sports team)
captaincy:The position or period of command over a team, ship, or aircraft.
captained:Be the captain of (a ship, aircraft, or sports team)
captaining:Be the captain of (a ship, aircraft, or sports team)
captains:Be the captain of (a ship, aircraft, or sports team)
caption:Provide (an illustration) with a title or explanation.
captioned:Provide (an illustration) with a title or explanation.
captions:Provide (an illustration) with a title or explanation.
captious:(of a person) tending to find fault or raise petty objections.
captivate:Attract and hold the interest and attention of; charm.
captivated:Attract and hold the interest and attention of; charm.
captivating:Capable of attracting and holding interest; charming.
captive:A person who has been taken prisoner or an animal that has been confined.
captives:A person who has been taken prisoner or an animal that has been confined.
captivity:The condition of being imprisoned or confined.
captor:A person or animal that catches or confines another.
captors:A person that catches or confines another.
capture:Take into one's possession or control by force.
captured:Take into one's possession or control by force.
captures:Take into one's possession or control by force.
capturing:Take into one's possession or control by force.
capybara:A South American mammal that resembles a giant long-legged guinea pig. It lives in groups near water and is the largest living rodent.
car:A four-wheeled road vehicle that is powered by an engine and is able to carry a small number of people.
carafe:An open-topped glass flask typically used for serving wine or water.
caramel:Sugar or syrup heated until it turns brown, used as a flavoring or coloring for food or drink or combined with butter or cream to form a thick, sweet sauce.
caramelised:(with reference to sugar) convert or be converted into caramel through heating.
carat:A unit of weight for precious stones and pearls, now equivalent to 200 milligrams.
carats:A measure of the purity of gold, pure gold being 24 carats.
caravan:A vehicle equipped for living in, typically a trailer towed by a car and used when traveling for recreation.
caravanning:The activity of spending a holiday in a caravan.
caravans:A vehicle equipped for living in, typically towed by a car and used for holidays.
caravel:A small, fast Spanish or Portuguese sailing ship of the 15th–17th centuries.
caraway:The seeds of a plant of the parsley family, used for flavoring and as a source of oil.
carbide:A binary compound of carbon with an element of lower or comparable electronegativity.
carbon:The chemical element of atomic number 6, a nonmetal which has two main forms (diamond and graphite) and which also occurs in impure form in charcoal, soot, and coal.Carbon fiber.A rod of carbon in an arc lamp.A piece of carbon paper or a carbon copy.
carbonaceous:(chiefly of rocks or sediments) consisting of or containing carbon or its compounds.
carbonate:Dissolve carbon dioxide in (a liquid).
carbonated:(of a soft drink) effervescent on account of containing dissolved carbon dioxide.
carbonates:Dissolve carbon dioxide in (a liquid).
carbonic:Relating to carbon or its compounds, especially carbon dioxide.
carboniferous:The fifth period of the Paleozoic era, or the system of rocks deposited during it.
carbonyl:Of or denoting the divalent radical CO, present in such organic compounds as aldehydes, ketones, amides, and esters, and in organic acids as part of the carboxyl group.
carborundum:A very hard black solid consisting of silicon carbide, used as an abrasive.
carboxyl:Of or denoting the acid radical —COOH, present in most organic acids.
carbuncle:A severe abscess or multiple boil in the skin, typically infected with staphylococcus bacteria.
carbuncles:A severe abscess or multiple boil in the skin, typically infected with staphylococcus bacteria.
carburettor:A device in an internal combustion engine for mixing air with a fine spray of liquid fuel.
carburettors:A device in an internal combustion engine for mixing air with a fine spray of liquid fuel.
carcase:The dead body of an animal.
carcases:The dead body of an animal.
carcass:The dead body of an animal.
carcasses:The dead body of an animal.
carcinogenesis:The initiation of cancer formation.
carcinogenic:Having the potential to cause cancer.
card:Write (something) on a card, especially for indexing.
carded:Write (something) on a card, especially for indexing.
cardholders:A person who has a credit card or debit card.
cardiac:A person with heart disease.
cardiff:The capital of Wales, a seaport on the Bristol Channel, in the southern part of the country; population 314,100 (est. 2009).
cardigan:A knitted sweater fastening down the front, typically with long sleeves.
cardigans:A knitted jumper fastening down the front.
cardinal:A leading dignitary of the Roman Catholic Church. Cardinals are nominated by the Pope, and form the Sacred College which elects succeeding popes (now invariably from among their own number)
cardinality:The number of elements in a set or other grouping, as a property of that grouping.
cardinals:A leading dignitary of the Roman Catholic Church. Cardinals are nominated by the Pope, and form the Sacred College which elects succeeding popes (now invariably from among their own number)
carding:Write (something) on a card, especially for indexing.
cardioid:A heart-shaped curve traced by a point on the circumference of a circle as it rolls around another identical circle.
cardiologist:A doctor who specializes in the study or treatment of heart diseases and heart abnormalities.
cardiology:The branch of medicine that deals with diseases and abnormalities of the heart.
cardiopulmonary:Relating to the heart and the lungs.
cardiovascular:Relating to the heart and blood vessels.
cards:Write (something) on a card, especially for indexing.
care:The provision of what is necessary for the health, welfare, maintenance, and protection of someone or something.
cared:Feel concern or interest; attach importance to something.
career:Move swiftly and in an uncontrolled way in a specified direction.
careered:Move swiftly and in an uncontrolled way.
careering:Move swiftly and in an uncontrolled way.
careerist:A person whose main concern is for professional advancement, especially one willing to achieve this by any means.
careerists:A careerist person.
careers:Move swiftly and in an uncontrolled way.
carefree:Free from anxiety or responsibility.
careful:Making sure of avoiding potential danger, mishap, or harm; cautious.
carefully:In a way that deliberately avoids harm or errors; cautiously.
careless:Not giving sufficient attention or thought to avoiding harm or errors.
carelessness:Failure to give sufficient attention to avoiding harm or errors; negligence.
carer:A family member or paid helper who regularly looks after a child or a sick, elderly, or disabled person.
carers:A family member or paid helper who regularly looks after a child or a sick, elderly, or disabled person.
cares:Feel concern or interest; attach importance to something.
caress:Touch or stroke gently or lovingly.
caressed:Touch or stroke gently or lovingly.
caresses:Touch or stroke gently or lovingly.
caressing:Stroking gently or lovingly.
caretaker:A person employed to look after a building.
caretakers:A person employed to look after a building.
careworn:Tired and unhappy because of prolonged worry.
cargo:Goods carried on a ship, aircraft, or motor vehicle.
caribou:A large North American reindeer.
caricature:Make or give a comically or grotesquely exaggerated representation of (someone or something)
caricatured:Make or give a caricature of.
caricatures:Make or give a caricature of.
caring:The work or practice of looking after those unable to care for themselves, especially sick and elderly people.
carnage:The killing of a large number of people.
carnal:Relating to physical, especially sexual, needs and activities.
carnation:A double-flowered cultivated variety of clove pink, with gray-green leaves and showy pink, white, or red flowers.
carnations:A double-flowered cultivated variety of clove pink, with grey-green leaves and showy pink, white, or red flowers.
carnival:A period of public revelry at a regular time each year, typically during the week before Lent in Roman Catholic countries, involving processions, music, dancing, and the use of masquerade.
carnivals:An annual festival, typically during the week before Lent in Roman Catholic countries, involving processions, music, dancing, and the use of masquerade.
carnivorous:(of an animal) feeding on other animals.
carol:Sing or say (something) happily.
carols:Sing or say (something) happily.
carotene:An orange or red plant pigment found in carrots and many other plant structures. It is a terpenoid hydrocarbon with several isomers, including beta-carotene.
carotid:Each of the two main arteries that carry blood to the head and neck.
carouse:Drink plentiful amounts of alcohol and enjoy oneself with others in a noisy, lively way.
carousel:A merry-go-round.
carousing:The activity of drinking alcohol and enjoying oneself with others in a noisy, lively way.
carp:A deep-bodied freshwater fish, typically with barbels around the mouth. Carp are farmed for food in some parts of the world and are widely kept in large ponds.
carpal:Any of the carpal bones.
carpenter:Make by shaping wood.
carpenters:Make by shaping wood.
carpentry:The activity or occupation of making or repairing things in wood.
carpet:Cover (a floor or stairs) with a carpet.
carpeted:Cover with carpet.
carpeting:Carpets collectively.
carpets:Cover with carpet.
carping:Continual complaining or finding fault about trivial matters.
carps:A deep-bodied freshwater fish, typically with barbels around the mouth. Carp are farmed for food in some parts of the world and are often kept in large ponds.
carriage:A four-wheeled passenger vehicle pulled by two or more horses.
carriages:Any of the separate sections of a train that carry passengers.
carriageway:Each of the two sides of a divided highway or expressway, each of which usually have two or more lanes.
carriageways:Each of the two sides of a dual carriageway or motorway, each of which usually have two or more lanes.
carried:Support and move (someone or something) from one place to another.
carrier:A person or thing that carries, holds, or conveys something.
carriers:A person or thing that carries, holds, or conveys something.
carries:Support and move (someone or something) from one place to another.
carrion:The decaying flesh of dead animals.
carrot:A tapering orange-colored root eaten as a vegetable.
carroty:(of a person's hair or whiskers) orange-red in color.
carry:Support and move (someone or something) from one place to another.
carrycot:A small portable bed for a baby.
carrying:Support and move (someone or something) from one place to another.
cars:A four-wheeled road vehicle that is powered by an engine and is able to carry a small number of people.
carsick:Affected with nausea caused by the motion of a car or other vehicle in which one is traveling.
cart:Convey or put in a cart or similar vehicle.
carted:Convey or put in a cart or similar vehicle.
carthorses:A large, strong horse suitable for heavy work.
cartilage:Firm, whitish, flexible connective tissue found in various forms in the larynx and respiratory tract, in structures such as the external ear, and in the articulating surfaces of joints. It is more widespread in the infant skeleton, being replaced by bone during growth.
carting:Convey or put in a cart or similar vehicle.
cartload:The amount held by a cart.
cartloads:The amount held by a cart.
cartographic:Relating to the science or practice of drawing maps.
carton:A light box or container, typically one made of waxed cardboard or plastic in which drinks or foodstuffs are packaged.
cartons:A small, light box or container in which drinks or foodstuffs are packaged.
cartoon:Make a drawing of (someone) in a simplified or exaggerated way.
cartoons:Make a drawing of (someone) in a simplified or exaggerated way.
cartridge:A container holding a spool of photographic film, a quantity of ink, or other item or substance, designed for insertion into a mechanism.
cartridges:A container holding a spool of photographic film, a quantity of ink, etc., designed for insertion into a mechanism.
carts:Convey or put in a cart or similar vehicle.
cartwheel:Perform a circular sideways handspring or handsprings with the arms and legs extended.
cartwheels:Perform a cartwheel or cartwheels.
carve:Cut (a hard material) in order to produce an object, design, or inscription.
carved:(of a hard material) cut or engraved to produce an object, design, or inscription.
carvery:A buffet or restaurant where cooked joints are displayed and carved as required in front of customers.
carves:Cut (a hard material) in order to produce an object, design, or inscription.
carving:The action of carving.
cascade:(of water) pour downward rapidly and in large quantities.
cascaded:(of water) pour downwards rapidly and in large quantities.
cascades:(of water) pour downwards rapidly and in large quantities.
cascading:(of water) pour downwards rapidly and in large quantities.
cascara:A purgative made from the dried bark of an American buckthorn.
case:An instance of a particular situation; an example of something occurring.
casebook:A book containing a selection of source materials on a particular subject, especially one used as a reference work or in teaching.
cased:Enclosed in a protective container.
caseload:The amount of work (in terms of number of cases) with which a doctor, lawyer, or social worker is concerned at one time.
caseloads:The number of cases with which a doctor, lawyer, or social worker is concerned at one time.
casement:A window or part of a window set on a hinge so that it opens like a door.
cases:An instance of a particular situation; an example of something occurring.
cash:Give or obtain notes or coins for (a check or money order).
cashbox:A lockable metal box for keeping cash in.
cashed:Give or obtain notes or coins for (a cheque or money order)
cashes:Give or obtain notes or coins for (a cheque or money order)
cashew:An edible kidney-shaped nut, rich in oil and protein, which is roasted and shelled before it can be eaten. Oil is extracted from the shells and used as a lubricant and insecticide and in the production of plastics.
cashier:A person handling payments and receipts in a store, bank, or other business.
cashiers:A person handling payments and receipts in a shop, bank, or business.
cashing:Give or obtain notes or coins for (a cheque or money order)
cashless:Characterized by the exchange of funds by check, debit or credit card, or various electronic methods rather than the use of cash.
casing:A cover or shell that protects or encloses something.
casings:A cover or shell that protects or encloses something.
casino:A public room or building where gambling games are played.
cask:A large container like a barrel, made of wood, metal or plastic and used for storing liquids, typically alcoholic drinks.
casket:A small ornamental box or chest for holding jewels, letters, or other valuable objects.
caskets:A small ornamental box or chest for holding jewels, letters, or other valued objects.
casks:A large container like a barrel, made of wood, metal or plastic and used for storing liquids, typically alcoholic drinks.
cassava:The starchy tuberous root of a tropical tree, used as food in tropical countries but requiring careful preparation to remove traces of cyanide from the flesh.
cassowary:A very large flightless bird related to the emu, with a bare head and neck, a tall horny crest, and one or two colored wattles. It is native mainly to the forests of New Guinea.
cast:Cause (light or shadow) to appear on a surface.
castanets:Small concave pieces of wood, ivory, or plastic, joined in pairs by a cord and clicked together by the fingers as a rhythmic accompaniment to Spanish dancing.
caste:Each of the hereditary classes of Hindu society, distinguished by relative degrees of ritual purity or pollution and of social status.
castellated:Having battlements.
caster:A person who casts something or a machine for casting something.
casters:A person who casts something or a machine for casting something.
castes:Each of the hereditary classes of Hindu society, distinguished by relative degrees of ritual purity or pollution and of social status.
castigate:Reprimand (someone) severely.
castigated:Reprimand (someone) severely.
castigates:Reprimand (someone) severely.
castigating:Reprimand (someone) severely.
casting:An object made by pouring molten metal or other material into a mold.
castings:An object made by pouring molten metal or other material into a mould.
castle:A large building, typically of the medieval period, fortified against attack with thick walls, battlements, towers, and in many cases a moat.
castled:Having a castle.
castles:Make a special move (no more than once in a game by each player) in which the king is transferred from its original square two squares along the back rank towards a rook on its corner square which is then transferred to the square passed over by the king.
castling:The action of making a special move (no more than once in a game by each player) in which the king is transferred from its original square two squares along the back rank toward a rook on its corner square which is then transferred to the square passed over by the king.
castoff:Something, especially a garment, that is no longer wanted.
castoffs:Something, especially a garment, that is no longer wanted.
castors:Each of a set of small swivelling wheels fixed to the legs or base of a heavy piece of furniture so that it can be moved easily.
castrate:Remove the testicles of (a male animal or man).
castrated:Remove the testicles of (a male animal or man).
castrating:Remove the testicles of (a male animal or man).
castrato:A male singer castrated in boyhood so as to retain a soprano or alto voice. The practice of castration was banned in 1903.
casts:Cause (light or shadow) to appear on a surface.
casual:A person who does something irregularly.
casually:In a relaxed and informal way.
casuals:A person who does something irregularly.
casualties:A person killed or injured in a war or accident.
casualty:A person killed or injured in a war or accident.
casuistry:The use of clever but unsound reasoning, especially in relation to moral questions; sophistry.
cat:Raise (an anchor) from the surface of the water to the cathead.
cataclysm:A large-scale and violent event in the natural world.
cataclysmic:Relating to or denoting a violent natural event.
catalogue:Make a systematic list of (items of the same type)
catalogued:Make a systematic list of (items of the same type)
cataloguer:A person who compiles systematic lists of items, in particular resources or works within a collection.
cataloguers:A person who compiles systematic lists of items, in particular resources or works within a collection.
catalogues:Make a systematic list of (items of the same type)
cataloguing:Make a systematic list of (items of the same type)
catalyse:Cause or accelerate (a reaction) by acting as a catalyst.
catalysed:Cause or accelerate (a reaction) by acting as a catalyst.
catalyses:Cause or accelerate (a reaction) by acting as a catalyst.
catalysing:Cause or accelerate (a reaction) by acting as a catalyst.
catalysis:The acceleration of a chemical reaction by a catalyst.
catalyst:A substance that increases the rate of a chemical reaction without itself undergoing any permanent chemical change.
catalysts:A substance that increases the rate of a chemical reaction without itself undergoing any permanent chemical change.
catalytic:Relating to or involving the action of a catalyst.
catapult:Hurl or launch (something) in a specified direction with or as if with a catapult.
catapulted:Hurl or launch (something) with or as if with a catapult.
catapulting:Hurl or launch (something) with or as if with a catapult.
catapults:Hurl or launch (something) with or as if with a catapult.
cataract:A medical condition in which the lens of the eye becomes progressively opaque, resulting in blurred vision.
cataracts:A medical condition in which the lens of the eye becomes progressively opaque, resulting in blurred vision.
catastrophe:An event causing great and often sudden damage or suffering; a disaster.
catastrophes:An event causing great and usually sudden damage or suffering; a disaster.
catastrophic:Involving or causing sudden great damage or suffering.
catastrophically:In a way that involves great damage, suffering, or deterioration in state.
catcalls:Make a catcall.
catch:Intercept and hold (something which has been thrown, propelled, or dropped)
catcher:A person or thing that catches something.
catchers:A person or thing that catches something.
catches:Intercept and hold (something which has been thrown, propelled, or dropped)
catchier:(of a tune or phrase) instantly appealing and memorable.
catchiest:(of a tune or phrase) instantly appealing and memorable.
catching:(of a disease) infectious.
catchment:The action of collecting water, especially the collection of rainfall over a natural drainage area.
catchphrase:A well-known sentence or phrase, especially one that is associated with a particular famous person.
catchphrases:A well-known sentence or phrase, especially one that is associated with a particular famous person.
catchword:A briefly popular or fashionable word or phrase used to encapsulate a particular concept.
catchwords:A popular word or phrase encapsulating a particular concept.
catchy:(of a tune or phrase) instantly appealing and memorable.
catechist:A teacher of the principles of Christian religion, especially one using a catechism.
catechists:A teacher of the principles of Christian religion, especially one using a catechism.
categorical:Unambiguously explicit and direct.
categories:A class or division of people or things regarded as having particular shared characteristics.
categorise:Place in a particular class or group.
categorised:Place in a particular class or group.
categorises:Place in a particular class or group.
categorising:Place in a particular class or group.
category:A class or division of people or things regarded as having particular shared characteristics.
cater:Provide food and drink, typically at social events and in a professional capacity.
caterer:A person or company providing food and drink at a social event or other gathering.
caterers:A person or company providing food and drink at a social event or other gathering.
caters:A system of change-ringing using nine bells, with four pairs changing places each time.
caterwaul:Make a shrill howling or wailing noise like that of a cat.
caterwauls:Make a shrill howling or wailing noise like that of a cat.
catfish:Fish for catfish.
catgut:A material used for the strings of some musical instruments, made of the dried twisted intestines of sheep or horses (but not cats).
catharsis:The process of releasing, and thereby providing relief from, strong or repressed emotions.
cathartic:A purgative drug.
cathedral:The principal church of a diocese, with which the bishop is officially associated.
catheter:A flexible tube inserted through a narrow opening into a body cavity, particularly the bladder, for removing fluid.
catheterisation:The action or process of inserting a catheter into a body cavity.
catheters:A flexible tube inserted through a narrow opening into a body cavity, particularly the bladder, for removing fluid.
cathode:The negatively charged electrode by which electrons enter an electrical device.
cathodes:The negatively charged electrode by which electrons enter an electrical device.
catholic:Including a wide variety of things; all-embracing.
cation:A positively charged ion, i.e. one that would be attracted to the cathode in electrolysis.
cations:A positively charged ion, i.e. one that would be attracted to the cathode in electrolysis.
catnip:A plant of the mint family, with downy leaves, purple-spotted white flowers, and a pungent smell attractive to cats.
cats:Raise (an anchor) from the surface of the water to the cathead.
catsuit:A woman's jumpsuit, typically close-fitting and covering the body from the neck to the feet.
cattery:A boarding or breeding establishment for cats.
cattle:Large ruminant animals with horns and cloven hoofs, domesticated for meat or milk, or as beasts of burden; cows.
caucus:(in some US states) a meeting at which local members of a political party register their preference among candidates running for office or select delegates to attend a convention.
caucuses:Hold or form a legislative caucus.
caught:Intercept and hold (something which has been thrown, propelled, or dropped)
cauliflower:A cabbage of a variety which bears a large immature flower head of small creamy-white flower buds.
cauliflowers:A cabbage of a variety which bears a large immature flower head of small creamy-white flower buds.
causally:In terms of the way that one thing causes another; by way of cause and effect.
cause:Make (something, especially something bad) happen.
caused:Make (something, especially something bad) happen.
causes:Make (something, especially something bad) happen.
causing:Make (something, especially something bad) happen.
caustic:A caustic substance.
caustics:A caustic substance.
cauterise:Burn the skin or flesh of (a wound) with a heated instrument or caustic substance in order to stop bleeding or to prevent infection.
cauterising:Burn the skin or flesh of (a wound) with a heated instrument or caustic substance in order to stop bleeding or to prevent infection.
caution:Say something as a warning.
cautioned:Say something as a warning.
cautioning:Say something as a warning.
cautions:Say something as a warning.
cautious:(of a person) careful to avoid potential problems or dangers.
cavalcade:A formal procession of people walking, on horseback, or riding in vehicles.
cavalier:A supporter of King Charles I in the English Civil War.A dashing and attentive man, especially one acting as a lady's escort.A horseman, especially a cavalryman.
cavaliers:A supporter of King Charles I in the English Civil War.A dashing and attentive man, especially one acting as a lady's escort.A horseman, especially a cavalryman.
cavalry:(in the past) soldiers who fought on horseback.
cave:A large underground chamber, typically of natural origin, in a hillside or cliff.
caveat:A warning or proviso of specific stipulations, conditions, or limitations.
caveats:A warning or proviso of specific stipulations, conditions, or limitations.
caved:Explore caves as a sport.
caveman:A prehistoric man who lived in caves.
cavemen:A prehistoric man who lived in caves.
cavern:A cave, or a chamber in a cave, typically a large one.
cavernous:Like a cavern in size, shape, or atmosphere.
caverns:A large cave or chamber in a cave.
caves:Explore caves as a sport.
caving:another term for spelunking
cavitation:The formation of an empty space within a solid object or body.
cavities:An empty space within a solid object.
cavity:An empty space within a solid object, in particular the human body.
cavort:Jump or dance around excitedly.
cavorted:Jump or dance around excitedly.
cavorting:Jump or dance around excitedly.
cavorts:Jump or dance around excitedly.
cayman:A semiaquatic reptile similar to the alligator but with a heavily armoured belly, native to tropical America.
caymans:A semiaquatic reptile similar to the alligator but with a heavily armoured belly, native to tropical America.
cease:Bring or come to an end.
ceased:Come or bring to an end.
ceasefire:A temporary suspension of fighting, typically one during which peace talks take place; a truce.
ceasefires:A temporary suspension of fighting; a truce.
ceaseless:Constant and unending.
ceases:Come or bring to an end.
ceasing:Come or bring to an end.
cedar:Any of a number of conifers that typically yield fragrant, durable timber.
cedars:Any of a number of conifers that typically yield fragrant, durable timber.
cede:Give up (power or territory)
ceded:Give up (power or territory)
cedilla:A mark (¸) written under the letter c, especially in French, to show that it is pronounced like an s rather than a k (e.g. façade).
ceding:Give up (power or territory)
ceilidh:A social event at which there is Scottish or Irish folk music and singing, traditional dancing, and storytelling.
ceilidhs:A social event with Scottish or Irish folk music and singing, traditional dancing, and storytelling.
ceiling:The upper interior surface of a room or other similar compartment.
ceilings:The upper interior surface of a room or other similar compartment.
celandine:A common plant of the buttercup family that produces yellow flowers in the early spring, reproducing either by seed or by bulbils at the base of the stems.
celebrant:A person who performs a rite, especially a priest at the Eucharist.
celebrants:A person who performs a rite, especially a priest at the Eucharist.
celebrate:Acknowledge (a significant or happy day or event) with a social gathering or enjoyable activity.
celebrated:Greatly admired; renowned.
celebrates:Acknowledge (a significant or happy day or event) with a social gathering or enjoyable activity.
celebrating:Acknowledge (a significant or happy day or event) with a social gathering or enjoyable activity.
celebration:The action of marking one's pleasure at an important event or occasion by engaging in enjoyable, typically social, activity.
celebrations:The action of celebrating an important day or event.
celebrities:A famous person, especially in entertainment or sport.
celebrity:A famous person.
celeriac:Celery of a variety that forms a large swollen root that can be eaten cooked or raw.
celery:A cultivated plant of the parsley family, with closely packed succulent leafstalks that are eaten raw or cooked.
celestial:Positioned in or relating to the sky, or outer space as observed in astronomy.
celibacy:The state of abstaining from marriage and sexual relations.
celibate:A person who abstains from marriage and sexual relations.
cell:A small room in which a prisoner is locked up or in which a monk or nun sleeps.
cellar:Store (wine) in a cellar.
cellars:Store (wine) in a cellar.
cellist:A person who plays the cello.
cellists:A person who plays the cello.
cello:A bass instrument of the violin family, held upright on the floor between the legs of the seated player.
cells:A small room in which a prisoner is locked up or in which a monk or nun sleeps.
cellular:Relating to or consisting of living cells.
celsius:The scale of temperature in which water freezes at 0° and boils at 100° under standard conditions.
celtic:The Celtic language group.
cement:Attach with cement.
cemented:Fix with cement.
cementing:Fix with cement.
cements:Fix with cement.
cemeteries:A large burial ground, especially one not in a churchyard.
cemetery:A burial ground; a graveyard.
censer:A container in which incense is burned, typically during a religious ceremony.
censor:Examine (a book, movie, etc.) officially and suppress unacceptable parts of it.
censored:Examine (a book, film, etc.) officially and suppress unacceptable parts of it.
censoring:Examine (a book, film, etc.) officially and suppress unacceptable parts of it.
censorious:Severely critical of others.
censors:Examine (a book, film, etc.) officially and suppress unacceptable parts of it.
censure:Express severe disapproval of (someone or something), especially in a formal statement.
censured:Express severe disapproval of (someone or something), especially in a formal statement.
censures:Express severe disapproval of (someone or something), especially in a formal statement.
censuring:Express severe disapproval of (someone or something), especially in a formal statement.
census:An official count or survey of a population, typically recording various details of individuals.
cent:A monetary unit of the US, Canada, and various other countries, equal to one hundredth of a dollar, euro, or other decimal currency unit.
centenarians:A person who is a hundred or more years old.
centime:A monetary unit of Switzerland and certain other countries (including France, Belgium, and Luxembourg until the introduction of the euro), equal to one hundredth of a franc or other decimal currency unit.
centimes:A monetary unit equal to one hundredth of a franc or some other decimal currency units (used in France, Belgium, and Luxembourg until the introduction of the euro in 2002).
centimetre:A metric unit of length, equal to one hundredth of a metre.
centimetres:A metric unit of length, equal to one hundredth of a metre.
central:A place with a high concentration of a specified type of person or thing.
centralise:Concentrate (control of an activity or organization) under a single authority.
centralised:(of an activity or organization) controlled by a single authority or managed in one place.
centralises:Concentrate (control of an activity or organization) under a single authority.
centralising:Concentrate (control of an activity or organization) under a single authority.
centralism:The control of different activities and organizations under a single authority.
centralist:A person who advocates the control of different activities and organizations under a single authority.
centre:Occur mainly in or around (a specified place)
centred:Placed or situated in the centre.
centrefold:The two middle pages of a magazine, often taken up by a single illustration or feature.
centrefolds:The two middle pages of a magazine, often taken up by a single illustration or feature.
centrepiece:An ornament or display placed in the middle of a dining table.
centrepieces:An ornament or display placed in the middle of a dining table.
centres:Occur mainly in or around (a specified place)
centrifugation:The action or process of using a centrifuge, typically to separate fluids of different densities or liquids from solids.
centrifuge:Subject to the action of a centrifuge.
centrifuged:Subject to the action of a centrifuge.
centrifuges:Subject to the action of a centrifuge.
centrifuging:Subject to the action of a centrifuge.
centring:The action or process of placing something in the middle of something else.
centrist:A person who holds moderate political views.
centrists:A person who holds moderate political views.
centroid:The center of mass of a geometric object of uniform density.
centroids:The centre of mass of a geometric object of uniform density.
cents:A monetary unit in various countries, equal to one hundredth of a dollar, euro, or other decimal currency unit.
centuries:A period of one hundred years.
centurion:The commander of a century in the ancient Roman army.
century:A period of one hundred years.
cephalopods:An active predatory mollusc of the large class Cephalopoda, such as an octopus or squid.
cereal:A grain used for food, such as wheat, oats, or corn.
cerebral:Of the cerebrum of the brain.
ceremonial:The system of rules and procedures to be observed at a formal or religious occasion.
ceremonies:A formal religious or public occasion, especially one celebrating a particular event, achievement, or anniversary.
ceremonious:Relating or appropriate to grand and formal occasions.
ceremony:A formal religious or public occasion, typically one celebrating a particular event or anniversary.
ceres:The goddess of grain and agriculture.
certain:Some but not all.
certainly:Undoubtedly; definitely; surely.
certainty:Firm conviction that something is the case.
certificate:Provide with or attest in an official document.
certificated:Provide with or attest in an official document.
certificates:Provide with or attest in an official document.
certified:Officially recognized as possessing certain qualifications or meeting certain standards.
certifies:Attest or confirm in a formal statement.
certify:Attest or confirm in a formal statement.
certifying:Attest or confirm in a formal statement.
certitude:Absolute certainty or conviction that something is the case.
cervical:Relating to the cervix.
cess:(in Scotland, Ireland, and India) a tax or levy.
cessation:The fact or process of ending or being brought to an end.
cessations:The fact or process of ending or being brought to an end.
cession:The formal giving up of rights, property, or territory by a state.
chacha:Uncle (often used as a respectful form of address to a man around the same age as one's father)
chad:A piece of waste material removed from card or tape by punching.
chafe:(of something restrictive or too tight) make (a part of the body) sore by rubbing against it.
chafed:(with reference to a part of the body) make or become sore by rubbing against something.
chafes:(with reference to a part of the body) make or become sore by rubbing against something.
chaff:The husks of corn or other seed separated by winnowing or threshing.
chaffed:The husks of corn or other seed separated by winnowing or threshing.
chaffinch:A Eurasian and North African finch, typically with a bluish top to the head and dark wings and tail.
chaffinches:A Eurasian and North African finch, typically with a bluish top to the head and dark wings and tail.
chaffing:The husks of corn or other seed separated by winnowing or threshing.
chafing:(with reference to a part of the body) make or become sore by rubbing against something.
chagrin:Feel distressed or humiliated.
chain:Fasten or secure with a chain.
chained:Fasten or secure with a chain.
chaining:Fasten or secure with a chain.
chains:Fasten or secure with a chain.
chainsaw:A mechanical power-driven cutting tool with teeth set on a chain which moves around the edge of a blade.
chainsaws:A mechanical power-driven cutting tool with teeth set on a chain which moves around the edge of a blade.
chair:Act as chairperson of or preside over (an organization, meeting, or public event)
chaired:Act as chairperson of or preside over (an organization, meeting, or public event)
chairing:Act as chairperson of or preside over (an organization, meeting, or public event)
chairlift:A series of chairs hung from a moving cable, typically used for carrying passengers up and down a mountain.
chairman:A person, especially a man, designated to preside over a meeting.
chairmanship:The position or office of presiding over a meeting.
chairmanships:The position or office of presiding over a meeting.
chairmen:A person chosen to preside over a meeting.
chairs:Act as chairperson of or preside over (an organization, meeting, or public event)
chairwoman:A woman chosen to preside over a meeting.
chairwomen:A woman chosen to preside over a meeting.
chalice:A large cup or goblet, typically used for drinking wine.
chalky:Consisting of or rich in chalk.
challenge:Invite (someone) to engage in a contest.
challenged:(used euphemistically) impaired or disabled in a specified respect.
challenges:Invite (someone) to engage in a contest.
challenging:Testing one's abilities; demanding.
chamber:Place (a bullet) into the chamber of a gun.
chambered:(especially of a gun) having a chamber of a particular kind.
chamberlains:An officer who managed the household of a monarch or noble.
chambers:Place (a bullet) into the chamber of a gun.
chamfer:(in carpentry) cut away (a right-angled edge or corner) to make a symmetrical sloping edge.
chamfered:(in carpentry) cut away (a right-angled edge or corner) to make a symmetrical sloping edge.
chamois:An agile goat-antelope with short hooked horns, found in mountainous areas of Europe from Spain to the Caucasus.
chamomile:An aromatic European plant of the daisy family, with white and yellow flowers.
champ:another term for chomp
champagne:A white sparkling wine associated with celebration and regarded as a symbol of luxury, typically that made in the Champagne region of France.
champagnes:A white sparkling wine from Champagne.
champion:Support the cause of; defend.
championed:Vigorously support or defend the cause of.
championing:Vigorously support or defend the cause of.
champions:Vigorously support or defend the cause of.
chance:Do something by accident or without design.
chanced:Do something by accident or without intending to.
chancellery:The position, office, or department of a chancellor.
chancer:A person who exploits any opportunity to further their own ends.
chancery:A court of equity.
chances:Do something by accident or without intending to.
chancier:Involving risks and uncertainty.
chanciest:Involving risks and uncertainty.
chancing:Do something by accident or without intending to.
chancy:Subject to unpredictable changes and circumstances.
change:Make (someone or something) different; alter or modify.
changeable:Irregular; inconstant.
changed:Make (someone or something) different; alter or modify.
changeless:Remaining the same.
changes:Make (someone or something) different; alter or modify.
changing:Make (someone or something) different; alter or modify.
channel:Direct toward a particular end or object.
channelled:Characterized by grooves or furrows.
channelling:Direct towards a particular end or object.
channels:Direct towards a particular end or object.
chant:Say or shout repeatedly in a singsong tone.
chanted:Say or shout repeatedly in a sing-song tone.
chanting:Say or shout repeatedly in a sing-song tone.
chants:Say or shout repeatedly in a sing-song tone.
chaos:Complete disorder and confusion.
chaotic:In a state of complete confusion and disorder.
chap:(of the skin) become cracked, rough, or sore, especially through exposure to wind or cold weather.
chapel:A small building for Christian worship, typically one attached to an institution or private house.
chaperon:Accompany and look after or supervise.
chaperone:Accompany and look after or supervise.
chaperoned:Accompany and look after or supervise.
chaperones:Accompany and look after or supervise.
chaplain:A member of the clergy attached to a private chapel, institution, ship, branch of the armed forces, etc.
chaplaincy:The office or position of a member of the clergy attached to a private chapel, institution, ship, branch of the armed forces, etc.
chaplains:A member of the clergy attached to a private chapel, institution, ship, regiment, etc.
chapman:A peddler.
chapped:(of the skin) cracked, rough, or sore, typically from exposure to wind or cold weather.
chapping:(of the skin) become cracked, rough, or sore, especially through exposure to wind or cold weather.
chaps:Leather pants without a seat, worn by a cowboy over ordinary pants to protect the legs.
chapter:A main division of a book, typically with a number or title.
chapters:A main division of a book, typically with a number or title.
char:Partially burn (an object) so as to blacken its surface.
character:Inscribe; engrave.
characterise:Describe the distinctive nature or features of.
characterised:Describe the distinctive nature or features of.
characterises:Describe the distinctive nature or features of.
characterising:Describe the distinctive nature or features of.
characteristic:A feature or quality belonging typically to a person, place, or thing and serving to identify it.
characteristics:A feature or quality belonging typically to a person, place, or thing and serving to identify them.
characters:Inscribe or write (something).
charade:An absurd pretense intended to create a pleasant or respectable appearance.
charades:An absurd pretence intended to create a pleasant or respectable appearance.
charge:Demand (an amount) as a price from someone for a service rendered or goods supplied.
chargeable:(of income) subject to tax.
charged:Having an electric charge.
charger:A horse trained for battle; a cavalry horse.
charges:Demand (an amount) as a price for a service rendered or goods supplied.
charging:Demand (an amount) as a price for a service rendered or goods supplied.
chariot:Convey in or as in a chariot.
charioteer:A chariot driver.
charioteers:A chariot driver.
chariots:Convey in or as in a chariot.
charisma:Compelling attractiveness or charm that can inspire devotion in others.
charismatic:An adherent of the charismatic movement.
charismatics:An adherent of the charismatic movement.
charitable:Relating to the assistance of those in need.
charities:An organization set up to provide help and raise money for those in need.
charity:An organization set up to provide help and raise money for those in need.
charlady:A charwoman.
charlatan:A person falsely claiming to have a special knowledge or skill; a fraud.
charlatans:A person falsely claiming to have a special knowledge or skill.
charles:The name of two kings of England, Scotland, and Ireland.
charlie:A code word representing the letter C, used in radio communication.
charm:Delight greatly.
charmed:(of a person's life) unusually lucky or happy as though protected by magic.
charming:Pleasant or attractive.
charmless:Unattractive or unpleasant.
charms:Delight greatly.
charon:An old man who ferried the souls of the dead across the Styx and Acheron Rivers to Hades.
charred:Burned and blackened.
charring:Partially burn so as to blacken the surface.
chars:Partially burn so as to blacken the surface.
chart:Make a map of (an area)
charted:Make a map of (an area)
charter:Grant a charter to (a company, college, city, or other body)
chartered:(of a company, college, city, or other body) founded or having its rights and privileges established by means of a charter.
chartering:Grant a charter to (a city, company, university, or other body)
charters:Grant a charter to (a city, company, university, or other body)
charting:Make a map of (an area)
charts:Make a map of (an area)
chary:Cautiously or suspiciously reluctant to do something.
chase:Pursue in order to catch or catch up with.
chased:Pursue in order to catch or catch up with.
chases:Pursue in order to catch or catch up with.
chasing:Pursue in order to catch or catch up with.
chasm:A deep fissure in the earth, rock, or another surface.
chasms:A deep fissure in the earth's surface.
chassis:The base frame of a motor vehicle or other wheeled conveyance.
chaste:Abstaining from extramarital, or from all, sexual intercourse.
chastened:(of a rebuke or misfortune) have a restraining or moderating effect on.
chastening:(of a rebuke or misfortune) having a restraining or humbling effect.
chastise:Rebuke or reprimand severely.
chastised:Rebuke or reprimand severely.
chastises:Rebuke or reprimand severely.
chastising:Rebuke or reprimand severely.
chastity:The state or practice of refraining from extramarital, or especially from all, sexual intercourse.
chat:Talk in a friendly and informal way.
chateau:A large French country house or castle, often giving its name to wine made in its neighborhood.
chats:Talk in a friendly and informal way.
chatted:Talk in a friendly and informal way.
chatter:Talk rapidly or incessantly about trivial matters.
chatterbox:A person who talks at length about trivial matters.
chattered:Talk informally about unimportant matters.
chattering:Talk informally about unimportant matters.
chatters:Talk informally about unimportant matters.
chatting:Talk in a friendly and informal way.
chatty:(of a person) fond of talking in an easy, informal way.
chauvinism:Excessive or prejudiced support for one's own cause or group, in particular male prejudice against women.
chauvinist:A person displaying excessive or prejudiced support for their own cause or group, in particular a man prejudiced against women.
chauvinistic:Displaying excessive or prejudiced support for one's own cause or group, in particular showing male prejudice against women.
chauvinists:A person displaying excessive or prejudiced support for their own cause or group, in particular a man prejudiced against women.
cheap:At or for a low price.
cheapen:Reduce the price of.
cheapened:Reduce the price of.
cheapening:Reduce the price of.
cheapens:Reduce the price of.
cheaper:At or for a low price.
cheapest:At or for a low price.
cheat:Act dishonestly or unfairly in order to gain an advantage, especially in a game or examination.
cheated:Act dishonestly or unfairly in order to gain an advantage.
cheater:A person who acts dishonestly in order to gain an advantage.
cheating:Act dishonestly or unfairly in order to gain an advantage.
cheats:Act dishonestly or unfairly in order to gain an advantage.
check:Examine (something) in order to determine its accuracy, quality, or condition, or to detect the presence of something.
checked:Having a pattern of small squares.
checker:A person or thing that verifies or examines something.
checkered:Having a pattern consisting of alternating squares of different colors.
checkering:A person or thing that verifies or examines something.
checkers:A person or thing that verifies or examines something.
checkin:The action of registering one's presence, typically as a passenger at an airport.
checking:Examine (something) in order to determine its accuracy, quality, or condition, or to detect the presence of something.
checkout:A point at which goods are paid for in a supermarket or other store.
checkouts:A point at which goods are paid for in a supermarket or similar store.
checkpoint:A barrier or manned entrance, typically at a border, where travelers are subject to security checks.
checkpoints:A barrier or manned entrance, typically at a border, where security checks are carried out on travellers.
checks:Examine (something) in order to determine its accuracy, quality, or condition, or to detect the presence of something.
checkup:A thorough examination, especially a medical or dental one.
checkups:A thorough examination, especially a medical or dental one, to detect any problems.
cheek:Either side of the face below the eye.
cheekbone:The bone below the eye.
cheekbones:The bone below the eye.
cheekier:Showing a lack of respect or politeness in a way that is amusing or appealing.
cheekiest:Showing a lack of respect or politeness in a way that is amusing or appealing.
cheekily:In an appealingly irreverent way.
cheeking:Speak impertinently to.
cheeks:Speak impertinently to.
cheeky:Impudent or irreverent, typically in an endearing or amusing way.
cheep:A shrill squeaky cry made by a bird, typically a young one.
cheeping:Make a short, high squeaky sound.
cheer:Shout for joy or in praise or encouragement.
cheered:Shout for joy or in praise or encouragement.
cheerful:Noticeably happy and optimistic.
cheerier:Happy and optimistic.
cheeriest:Happy and optimistic.
cheering:Shouting for joy or in praise or encouragement.
cheerio:Used as an expression of good wishes on parting; goodbye.
cheerless:Gloomy; depressing.
cheers:Expressing good wishes before drinking.
cheery:Happy and optimistic.
cheese:A food made from the pressed curds of milk.
cheeseboard:A selection of cheeses.
cheeseburger:A hamburger with a slice of cheese on it.
cheesecake:A kind of rich dessert cake made with cream and soft cheese on a graham cracker, cookie, or pastry crust, typically topped with a fruit sauce.
cheesecloth:Thin, loosely woven cloth of cotton, used originally for making and wrapping cheese.
cheetah:A large spotted cat found in Africa and parts of Asia. It is the fastest animal on land.
chef:A professional cook, typically the chief cook in a restaurant or hotel.
chefs:Work as a chef.
chemic:A person skilled in chemistry or (in early use) alchemy; a person who makes chemical investigations; (in later use) a student of chemistry, a chemist. Compare "chemist".
chemical:A compound or substance that has been purified or prepared, especially artificially.
chemically:In a way that relates to chemistry, or to the interactions of substances as studied in chemistry.
chemiluminescence:The emission of light during a chemical reaction which does not produce significant quantities of heat.
chemise:A dress hanging straight from the shoulders and giving the figure a uniform shape, popular in the 1920s.
chemistry:The branch of science that deals with the identification of the substances of which matter is composed; the investigation of their properties and the ways in which they interact, combine, and change; and the use of these processes to form new substances.
chemosynthesis:The synthesis of organic compounds by bacteria or other living organisms using energy derived from reactions involving inorganic chemicals, typically in the absence of sunlight.
chemotherapeutic:A chemotherapeutic substance.
cheque:British spelling of check (sense 4 of the noun)
chequebook:A book of printed cheques ready for use.
chequebooks:A book of printed cheques ready for use.
chequerboard:A board for playing checkers (draughts) and similar games, having a regular pattern of squares in alternating colours, typically black and white.
chequered:Having a pattern consisting of alternating squares of different colours.
chequering:A person or thing that verifies or examines something.
chequers:A person or thing that verifies or examines something.
cheques:An order to a bank to pay a stated sum from the drawer's account, written on a specially printed form.
cherish:Protect and care for (someone) lovingly.
cherished:Protect and care for (someone) lovingly.
cherishes:Protect and care for (someone) lovingly.
cherishing:Protect and care for (someone) lovingly.
cherry:A small, round stone fruit that is typically bright or dark red.
cherub:A winged angelic being described in biblical tradition as attending on God. It is represented in ancient Middle Eastern art as a lion or bull with eagles' wings and a human face, and regarded in traditional Christian angelology as an angel of the second highest order of the ninefold celestial hierarchy.
cherubic:Having the childlike innocence or plump prettiness of a cherub.
cherubim:A winged angelic being described in biblical tradition as attending on God, represented in ancient Middle Eastern art as a lion or bull with eagles' wings and a human face and regarded in traditional Christian angelology as an angel of the second highest order of the ninefold celestial hierarchy.
chess:A board game of strategic skill for two players, played on a checkered board. Each player begins the game with sixteen pieces that are moved and used to capture opposing pieces according to precise rules. The object is to put the opponent's king under a direct attack from which escape is impossible (checkmate).
chessboard:A square board divided into sixty-four alternating dark and light squares, used for playing chess or checkers.
chessboards:A square board divided into sixty-four alternating dark and light squares (conventionally called ‘black’ and ‘white’), used for playing chess or draughts (checkers).
chessmen:A solid figure used as a chess piece.
chest:The front surface of a person's or animal's body between the neck and the abdomen.
chester:A town in western England, the county town of Cheshire; population 80,600 (est. 2009).
chests:Propel (the ball) by means of one's chest.
chevron:A line or stripe in the shape of a V or an inverted V, especially one on the sleeve of a uniform indicating rank or length of service.
chevrons:A V-shaped line or stripe, especially one on the sleeve of a uniform indicating rank or length of service.
chew:Bite and work (food) in the mouth with the teeth, especially to make it easier to swallow.
chewed:Bite and work (food) in the mouth with the teeth, especially to make it easier to swallow.
chewing:Bite and work (food) in the mouth with the teeth, especially to make it easier to swallow.
chews:Bite and work (food) in the mouth with the teeth, especially to make it easier to swallow.
chic:Stylishness and elegance, typically of a specified kind.
chicago:A city in northeastern Illinois, on Lake Michigan; population 2,853,114 (est. 2008). Chicago developed during the 19th century as a major grain market and food-processing center.
chicanery:The use of trickery to achieve a political, financial, or legal purpose.
chick:A young bird, especially one newly hatched.
chicken:A domestic fowl kept for its eggs or meat, especially a young one.
chicory:A blue-flowered Mediterranean plant of the daisy family, cultivated for its edible salad leaves and carrot-shaped root.
chide:Scold or rebuke.
chided:Scold or rebuke.
chides:Scold or rebuke.
chiding:Full of rebuke; critical.
chief:A leader or ruler of a people or clan.
chiefly:Above all; mainly.
chiefs:A leader or ruler of a people or clan.
chiffon:A light, sheer fabric typically made of silk or nylon.
chihuahua:A small dog of a smooth-haired, large-eyed breed originating in Mexico.
chihuahuas:A very small dog of a smooth-haired large-eyed breed originating in Mexico.
chilblain:A painful, itching swelling on the skin, typically on a hand or foot, caused by poor circulation in the skin when exposed to cold.
chilblains:A painful, itching swelling on a hand or foot, caused by poor circulation in the skin when exposed to cold.
child:A young human being below the age of puberty or below the legal age of majority.
childbearing:The process of giving birth to children.
childbirth:The action of giving birth to a child.
childcare:The care of children, especially by a crèche, nursery, or childminder while parents are working.
childhood:The state of being a child.
childhoods:The state or period of being a child.
childish:Of, like, or appropriate to a child.
childishly:In the manner of a child.
childlike:(of an adult) having good qualities associated with a child.
childminders:A person who looks after children in their own home for payment.
childproof:Make inaccessible to children.
children:A young human being below the age of puberty or below the legal age of majority.
chilean:A native or inhabitant of Chile.
chili:A small hot-tasting pod of a variety of capsicum, used chopped (and often dried) in sauces, relishes, and spice powders. There are various forms with pods of differing size, color, and strength of flavor, such as cascabels and jalapeños.
chill:Make (someone) cold.
chilled:(of food or drink) cooled in a refrigerator.
chilli:A small hot-tasting pod of a variety of capsicum, used in sauces, relishes, and spice powders. There are various forms with pods of differing size, colour, and strength of flavour.
chillier:Uncomfortably or unpleasantly cold.
chillies:A small hot-tasting pod of a variety of capsicum, used in sauces, relishes, and spice powders. There are various forms with pods of differing size, colour, and strength of flavour.
chilliest:Uncomfortably or unpleasantly cold.
chilling:Horrifying or frightening.
chillingly:In an unsettling or horrifying way.
chills:Make (someone) cold.
chilly:Uncomfortably cool or cold.
chimaera:(in Greek mythology) a fire-breathing female monster with a lion's head, a goat's body, and a serpent's tail.
chime:A melodious ringing sound, as produced by striking a bell.
chimed:(of a bell or clock) make melodious ringing sounds, typically to indicate the time.
chimera:(in Greek mythology) a fire-breathing female monster with a lion's head, a goat's body, and a serpent's tail.
chimeras:(in Greek mythology) a fire-breathing female monster with a lion's head, a goat's body, and a serpent's tail.
chimes:(of a bell or clock) make melodious ringing sounds, typically to indicate the time.
chiming:(of a bell or clock) make melodious ringing sounds, typically to indicate the time.
chimney:A vertical channel or pipe that conducts smoke and combustion gases up from a fire or furnace and typically through the roof of a building.
chimneys:A vertical channel or pipe which conducts smoke and combustion gases up from a fire or furnace and typically through the roof of a building.
chimp:A chimpanzee.
chimps:A chimpanzee.
chin:Draw one's body up so as to bring one's chin level with or above (a horizontal bar) with one's feet off the ground, as an exercise.
china:A fine white or translucent vitrified ceramic material.
chinese:The Sino-Tibetan language of China.
chink:A narrow opening or crack, typically one that admits light.
chinked:A narrow opening, typically one that admits light.
chinking:A narrow opening, typically one that admits light.
chinks:A narrow opening, typically one that admits light.
chinless:(of a person) lacking a well-defined chin.
chinoiserie:The imitation or evocation of Chinese motifs and techniques in Western art, furniture, and architecture, especially in the 18th century.
chintz:Printed multicolored cotton fabric with a glazed finish, used especially for curtains and upholstery.
chip:Cut or break (a small piece) from a hard material.
chipboard:another term for particleboard
chipmunk:A burrowing ground squirrel with cheek pouches and light and dark stripes running down the body, found in North America and northern Eurasia.
chipped:Damaged by having a small piece broken off at the edge or on the surface.
chipping:A small fragment of stone, wood, or similar material.
chippings:A small fragment of stone, wood, or similar material.
chips:Cut or break (a small piece) from a hard material.
chiral:Asymmetric in such a way that the structure and its mirror image are not superimposable. Chiral compounds are typically optically active; large organic molecules often have one or more chiral centers where four different groups are attached to a carbon atom.
chiropodist:A person who treats the feet and their ailments; a podiatrist.
chiropody:The treatment of the feet and their ailments; podiatry.
chiropractic:A system of integrative medicine based on the diagnosis and manipulative treatment of misalignments of the joints, especially those of the spinal column, which are held to cause other disorders by affecting the nerves, muscles, and organs.
chiropractor:A practitioner of the system of integrative medicine based on the diagnosis and manipulative treatment of misalignments of the joints.
chiropractors:A practitioner of the system of complementary medicine based on the diagnosis and manipulative treatment of misalignments of the joints.
chirp:(typically of a small bird or an insect) utter a short, sharp, high-pitched sound.
chirped:(of a small bird or an insect) make a short, sharp, high-pitched sound.
chirping:(of a small bird or an insect) make a short, sharp, high-pitched sound.
chirps:(of a small bird or an insect) make a short, sharp, high-pitched sound.
chirpy:Cheerful and lively.
chiseled:(of wood or stone) shaped or cut with a chisel.
chiselled:(of wood or stone) shaped or cut with a chisel.
chivalrous:Courteous and gallant, especially toward women (typically used of a man or his behavior)
chivalry:The medieval knightly system with its religious, moral, and social code.
chives:A widely cultivated small Eurasian plant related to the onion, with purple-pink flowers and dense tufts of long tubular leaves that are used as a culinary herb.
chivvied:Tell (someone) repeatedly to do something.
chivvy:Tell (someone) repeatedly to do something.
chivvying:Tell (someone) repeatedly to do something.
chlorate:A salt or ester of chloric acid.
chloride:A compound of chlorine with another element or group, especially a salt of the anion Cl⁻ or an organic compound with chlorine bonded to an alkyl group.
chlorinated:Impregnated or treated with chlorine.
chlorine:The chemical element of atomic number 17, a toxic, irritant, pale green gas.
chlorofluorocarbon:fuller form of CFC
chlorofluorocarbons:fuller form of CFC
chlorophyll:A green pigment, present in all green plants and in cyanobacteria, responsible for the absorption of light to provide energy for photosynthesis. Its molecule contains a magnesium atom held in a porphyrin ring.
chloroquine:A synthetic drug related to quinoline, used against malaria.
chock:Prevent the forward movement of (a wheel or vehicle) with a chock.
chockablock:Crammed full of people or things.
chocolate:A food preparation in the form of a paste or solid block made from roasted and ground cacao seeds, typically sweetened.
choice:An act of selecting or making a decision when faced with two or more possibilities.
choices:An act of choosing between two or more possibilities.
choicest:An act of choosing between two or more possibilities.
choir:An organized group of singers, typically one that takes part in church services or performs regularly in public.
choirboy:A boy who sings in a church or cathedral choir.
choirboys:A boy who sings in a church or cathedral choir.
choirmaster:The conductor of a choir.
choirs:An organized group of singers, especially one that takes part in church services or performs in public.
choke:(of a person or animal) have severe difficulty in breathing because of a constricted or obstructed throat or a lack of air.
choked:(of a person or animal) have severe difficulty in breathing because of a constricted or obstructed throat or a lack of air.
chokes:(of a person or animal) have severe difficulty in breathing because of a constricted or obstructed throat or a lack of air.
choking:(of a person or animal) have severe difficulty in breathing because of a constricted or obstructed throat or a lack of air.
cholera:An infectious and often fatal bacterial disease of the small intestine, typically contracted from infected water supplies and causing severe vomiting and diarrhea.
cholesterol:A compound of the sterol type found in most body tissues. Cholesterol and its derivatives are important constituents of cell membranes and precursors of other steroid compounds, but a high proportion in the blood of low-density lipoprotein (which transports cholesterol to the tissues) is associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease.
choline:A strongly basic compound occurring widely in living tissues and important in the synthesis and transport of lipids.
choose:Pick out or select (someone or something) as being the best or most appropriate of two or more alternatives.
chooses:Pick out (someone or something) as being the best or most appropriate of two or more alternatives.
choosier:Taking excessive care when making a choice.
choosing:Pick out (someone or something) as being the best or most appropriate of two or more alternatives.
choosy:Overly fastidious in making a choice.
chop:Cut (something) into pieces with repeated sharp blows of an axe or knife.
chopped:Cut (something) into pieces with repeated sharp blows of an axe or knife.
chopper:A short axe with a large blade.
choppers:A short axe with a large blade.
choppier:(of a sea, lake, or river) having many small waves.
choppiest:(of a sea, lake, or river) having many small waves.
chopping:Cut (something) into pieces with repeated sharp blows of an axe or knife.
choppy:(of a sea or river) having many small waves.
chops:A person's or animal's mouth or jaws.
chopsticks:Each of a pair of small, thin, tapered sticks of wood, ivory, or plastic, held together in one hand and used as eating utensils especially by the Chinese and the Japanese.
choral:Composed for or sung by a choir or chorus.
chord:A group of (typically three or more) notes sounded together, as a basis of harmony.
chore:A routine task, especially a household one.
chorea:A neurological disorder characterized by jerky involuntary movements affecting especially the shoulders, hips, and face.
choreographed:Compose the sequence of steps and moves for (a ballet or other performance of dance)
choreographer:A person who composes the sequence of steps and moves for a performance of dance.
choreographers:A person who composes the sequence of steps and moves for a performance of dance.
choreographic:Relating to the design and arrangement of steps and movements in dance or figure skating.
choreographing:Compose the sequence of steps and moves for (a ballet or other performance of dance)
chores:A routine task, especially a household one.
chortle:Laugh in a breathy, gleeful way; chuckle.
chortled:Laugh in a noisy, gleeful way.
chortles:Laugh in a noisy, gleeful way.
chortling:Laugh in a noisy, gleeful way.
chorus:(of a group of people) say the same thing at the same time.
chorused:(of a group of people) say the same thing at the same time.
choruses:(of a group of people) say the same thing at the same time.
chose:Pick out (someone or something) as being the best or most appropriate of two or more alternatives.
chosen:past participle of choose
choughs:A black Eurasian and North African bird of the crow family, with a downcurved bill and broad, rounded wings, typically frequenting mountains and sea cliffs.
christ:The title, also treated as a name, given to Jesus.
christen:Give (a baby) a Christian name at baptism as a sign of admission to a Christian Church.
christened:Give (a baby) a Christian name at baptism as a sign of admission to a Christian Church.
christening:A Christian ceremony at which a baby is christened; a baptism.
christenings:A Christian ceremony at which a baby is christened; a baptism.
christian:A person who has received Christian baptism or is a believer in Christianity.
chromatograph:An apparatus for performing chromatography.
chromatography:The separation of a mixture by passing it in solution or suspension or as a vapor (as in gas chromatography) through a medium in which the components move at different rates.
chrome:Chromium plate as a decorative or protective finish on motor-vehicle fittings and other objects.
chromite:A brownish-black mineral that consists of a mixed oxide of chromium and iron and is the principal ore of chromium.
chromium:The chemical element of atomic number 24, a hard white metal used in stainless steel and other alloys.
chromosomal:Involving or relating to chromosomes.
chronic:(of an illness) persisting for a long time or constantly recurring.
chronically:(in relation to illness) in a persistent and recurring way.
chronicle:Record (a related series of events) in a factual and detailed way.
chronicled:Record (a series of events) in a factual and detailed way.
chronicler:A person who writes accounts of important or historical events.
chroniclers:A person who writes accounts of important or historical events.
chronicles:The name of two books of the Bible, recording the history of Israel and Judah until the return from Exile (536 BC).
chronicling:Record (a series of events) in a factual and detailed way.
chronological:(of a record of events) starting with the earliest and following the order in which they occurred.
chronologically:In a way that follows the order in which events or records occurred.
chrysanthemum:A plant of the daisy family with brightly colored ornamental flowers, existing in many cultivated varieties.
chrysanthemums:A plant of the daisy family with brightly coloured ornamental flowers, existing in many cultivated varieties.
chubby:Plump and rounded.
chuck:Throw (something) carelessly or casually.
chucked:Throw (something) carelessly or casually.
chucking:Throw (something) carelessly or casually.
chuckle:Laugh quietly or inwardly.
chuckled:Laugh quietly or inwardly.
chuckles:Laugh quietly or inwardly.
chuckling:Laugh quietly or inwardly.
chucks:Throw (something) carelessly or casually.
chug:(of a vehicle or boat) move slowly with engine making regular muffled explosive sounds.
chugged:(of a vehicle or boat) move slowly making regular muffled explosive sounds, as of an engine running slowly.
chugging:The action or practice of approaching passersby in the street to solicit donations to a particular charity.
chugs:(of a vehicle or boat) move slowly making regular muffled explosive sounds, as of an engine running slowly.
chum:A close friend.
chums:Form a friendship with someone.
chunk:Divide (something) into chunks.
chunks:Divide (something) into chunks.
chunky:Bulky and solid.
chuntering:Talk or grumble monotonously.
church:Take (a woman who has recently given birth) to church for a service of thanksgiving.
churches:Take (a woman who has recently given birth) to church for a service of thanksgiving.
churchwarden:Either of the two elected lay representatives in an Anglican parish, formally responsible for movable church property and for keeping order in church.
churchwardens:Either of the two elected lay representatives in an Anglican parish, formally responsible for movable church property and for keeping order in church.
churchyard:An enclosed area surrounding a church, especially as used for burials.
churchyards:An enclosed area surrounding a church, especially as used for burials.
churlish:Rude in a mean-spirited and surly way.
churn:Agitate or turn (milk or cream) in a machine in order to produce butter.
churned:Shake (milk or cream) in a machine in order to produce butter.
churning:Shake (milk or cream) in a machine in order to produce butter.
churns:Shake (milk or cream) in a machine in order to produce butter.
chute:A sloping channel or slide for conveying things to a lower level.
chutes:A sloping channel or slide for conveying things to a lower level.
chutney:A spicy condiment made of fruits or vegetables with vinegar, spices, and sugar, originating in India.
chutzpah:Extreme self-confidence or audacity.
cicada:A large homopterous insect with long transparent wings, occurring chiefly in warm countries. The male cicada makes a loud shrill droning noise by vibrating two membranes on its abdomen.
cicero:(106–43 BC), Roman statesman, orator, and writer; full name Marcus Tullius Cicero. As an orator and writer Cicero established a model for Latin prose; his surviving works include speeches, treatises on rhetoric, philosophical works, and letters. A supporter of Pompey against Julius Caesar, in the Philippics (43 BC) he attacked Mark Antony, who had him put to death.
cider:An unfermented drink made by crushing fruit, typically apples.
ciders:An alcoholic drink made from fermented apple juice.
cigar:A cylinder of tobacco rolled in tobacco leaves for smoking.
cigaret:A thin cylinder of finely cut tobacco rolled in paper for smoking.
cigarette:A thin cylinder of finely cut tobacco rolled in paper for smoking.
cigarettes:A thin cylinder of finely cut tobacco rolled in paper for smoking.
cilia:A short microscopic hairlike vibrating structure found in large numbers on the surface of certain cells, either causing currents in the surrounding fluid, or, in some protozoans and other small organisms, providing propulsion.
cinch:Secure (a garment) with a belt.
cine:Cinematographic.
cinema:A theater where movies are shown for public entertainment; a movie theater.
cinemas:A theatre where films are shown for public entertainment.
cinematographer:A person who oversees or directs photography and camerawork in movie-making, especially one who operates the camera.
cinematography:The art of making motion pictures.
cipher:Put (a message) into secret writing; encode.
ciphered:Put (a message) into secret writing; encode.
ciphers:Put (a message) into secret writing; encode.
circa:(often preceding a date) approximately.
circle:Move all the way around (someone or something), especially more than once.
circled:Move all the way around (someone or something), especially more than once.
circles:Move all the way around (someone or something), especially more than once.
circling:Moving in a circle; revolving.
circuit:Move all the way around (a place or thing)
circuitous:(of a route or journey) longer than the most direct way.
circuits:Move all the way around (a place or thing)
circular:A letter or advertisement that is distributed to a large number of people.
circulars:A letter or advertisement that is distributed to a large number of people.
circulate:Move or cause to move continuously or freely through a closed system or area.
circulated:Move continuously or freely through a closed system or area.
circulates:Move continuously or freely through a closed system or area.
circulating:Move continuously or freely through a closed system or area.
circulation:Movement to and fro or around something, especially that of fluid in a closed system.
circumcise:Cut off the foreskin of (a young boy or man, especially a baby) as a religious rite, especially in Judaism and Islam, or as a medical treatment.
circumcised:Cut off the foreskin of (a young boy or man, especially a baby) as a religious rite, especially in Judaism and Islam, or as a medical treatment.
circumcision:The action or practice of circumcising a young boy or man.
circumference:The enclosing boundary of a curved geometric figure, especially a circle.
circumferences:The enclosing boundary of a curved geometric figure, especially a circle.
circumflex:A mark (^) placed over a vowel in some languages to indicate contraction, length, or pitch or tone.
circumflexes:A mark (^) placed over a vowel in some languages to indicate contraction, length, or a particular quality.
circumlocution:The use of many words where fewer would do, especially in a deliberate attempt to be vague or evasive.
circumlocutions:The use of many words where fewer would do, especially in a deliberate attempt to be vague or evasive.
circumlocutory:Using many words where fewer would do, especially in a deliberate attempt to be vague or evasive; long-winded.
circumnavigate:Sail or travel all the way around (something, especially the world)
circumscribe:Restrict (something) within limits.
circumscribed:Restrict (something) within limits.
circumscribing:Restrict (something) within limits.
circumspect:Wary and unwilling to take risks.
circumspection:The quality of being wary and unwilling to take risks; prudence.
circumstances:A fact or condition connected with or relevant to an event or action.
circumstantial:Pointing indirectly toward someone's guilt but not conclusively proving it.
circumvent:Find a way around (an obstacle)
circumvented:Find a way around (an obstacle)
circumventing:Find a way around (an obstacle)
circumvents:Find a way around (an obstacle)
circus:A traveling company of acrobats, clowns, and other entertainers which gives performances, typically in a large tent, in a series of different places.
cirrhosis:A chronic disease of the liver marked by degeneration of cells, inflammation, and fibrous thickening of tissue. It is typically a result of alcoholism or hepatitis.
cist:An ancient coffin or burial chamber made from stone or a hollowed tree.
cistern:A tank for storing water, especially one supplying taps or as part of a flushing toilet.
cisterns:A tank for storing water, especially one supplying taps or as part of a flushing toilet.
citadel:A fortress, typically on high ground, protecting or dominating a city.
citadels:A fortress, typically one on high ground above a city.
citation:A quotation from or reference to a book, paper, or author, especially in a scholarly work.
citations:A quotation from or reference to a book, paper, or author, especially in a scholarly work.
cite:Quote (a passage, book, or author) as evidence for or justification of an argument or statement, especially in a scholarly work.
cited:Refer to (a passage, book, or author) as evidence for or justification of an argument or statement, especially in a scholarly work.
cites:Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species.
cities:A large town.
citing:Refer to (a passage, book, or author) as evidence for or justification of an argument or statement, especially in a scholarly work.
citizen:A legally recognized subject or national of a state or commonwealth, either native or naturalized.
citizens:A legally recognized subject or national of a state or commonwealth, either native or naturalized.
citizenship:The position or status of being a citizen of a particular country.
citrate:A salt or ester of citric acid.
citrates:A salt or ester of citric acid.
citric:Derived from or related to citrus fruit.
citron:A shrubby Asian tree that bears large fruits similar to lemons, but with flesh that is less acid and peels that are thicker and more fragrant.
citrons:A shrubby Asian tree bearing fruits which resemble large lemons with less acid flesh and thick fragrant peel.
citrus:A tree of a genus that includes citron, lemon, lime, orange, and grapefruit. Native to Asia, citrus trees are widely cultivated in warm countries for their fruit, which has juicy flesh and a pulpy rind.
citruses:A tree of a genus that includes citron, lemon, lime, orange, and grapefruit. Native to Asia, citrus trees are cultivated in warm countries for their fruit.
cittern:A stringed instrument similar to a lute, with a flattened back and wire strings, used in 16th- and 17th-century Europe.
city:A large town.
civic:Relating to a city or town, especially its administration; municipal.
civil:Relating to ordinary citizens and their concerns, as distinct from military or ecclesiastical matters.
civilian:A person not in the armed services or the police force.
civilians:A person not in the armed services or the police force.
civilisation:The stage of human social and cultural development and organization that is considered most advanced.
civilise:Bring (a place or people) to a stage of social and cultural development considered to be more advanced.
civilised:At an advanced stage of social and cultural development.
civilising:Bring (a place or people) to a stage of social and cultural development considered to be more advanced.
civility:Formal politeness and courtesy in behavior or speech.
clad:past participle of clothe
cladding:A covering or coating on a structure or material.
claim:State or assert that something is the case, typically without providing evidence or proof.
claimant:A person making a claim, especially in a lawsuit or for a government-sponsored benefit.
claimants:A person making a claim, especially in a lawsuit or for a state benefit.
claimed:State or assert that something is the case, typically without providing evidence or proof.
claiming:State or assert that something is the case, typically without providing evidence or proof.
claims:State or assert that something is the case, typically without providing evidence or proof.
clairvoyance:The supposed faculty of perceiving things or events in the future or beyond normal sensory contact.
clairvoyant:A person who claims to have a supernatural ability to perceive events in the future or beyond normal sensory contact.
clairvoyants:A person who claims to have a supernatural ability to perceive events in the future or beyond normal sensory contact.
clam:A marine bivalve mollusk with shells of equal size.
clamber:Climb, move, or get in or out of something in an awkward and laborious way, typically using both hands and feet.
clambered:Climb or move in an awkward and laborious way, typically using both hands and feet.
clambering:Climb or move in an awkward and laborious way, typically using both hands and feet.
clambers:Climb or move in an awkward and laborious way, typically using both hands and feet.
clammy:Unpleasantly damp and sticky or slimy to touch.
clamorous:Making a loud and confused noise.
clamour:(of a group of people) shout loudly and insistently.
clamoured:(of a group of people) shout loudly and insistently.
clamouring:(of a group of people) shout loudly and insistently.
clamours:(of a group of people) shout loudly and insistently.
clamp:Fasten (something) in place with a clamp.
clampdown:A severe or concerted attempt to suppress something.
clamped:Fasten (something) in place with a clamp.
clamping:Fasten (something) in place with a clamp.
clamps:Fasten (something) in place with a clamp.
clan:A group of close-knit and interrelated families (especially associated with families in the Scottish Highlands)
clandestine:Kept secret or done secretively, especially because illicit.
clang:Make or cause to make a clang.
clanged:Make or cause to make a clang.
clangers:An absurd or embarrassing blunder.
clanging:Make or cause to make a clang.
clank:Make or cause to make a clank.
clanked:Make or cause to make a clank.
clanking:Loud, sharp sounds, as of pieces of metal being struck together.
clannish:(of a group or their activities) tending to exclude others outside the group.
clans:A close-knit group of interrelated families, especially in the Scottish Highlands.
clansmen:A male member of a clan.
clap:Strike the palms of (one's hands) together repeatedly, typically in order to applaud someone or something.
clapped:Strike the palms of (one's hands) together repeatedly, typically in order to applaud someone or something.
clapping:Strike the palms of (one's hands) together repeatedly, typically in order to applaud someone or something.
claps:Strike the palms of (one's hands) together repeatedly, typically in order to applaud someone or something.
claptrap:Absurd or nonsensical talk or ideas.
clarification:The action of making a statement or situation less confused and more comprehensible.
clarifications:The action of making a statement or situation less confused and more comprehensible.
clarified:Make (a statement or situation) less confused and more comprehensible.
clarifies:Make (a statement or situation) less confused and more comprehensible.
clarify:Make (a statement or situation) less confused and more clearly comprehensible.
clarifying:Make (a statement or situation) less confused and more comprehensible.
clarinet:A woodwind instrument with a single-reed mouthpiece, a cylindrical tube with a flared end, and holes stopped by keys.
clarinets:A woodwind instrument with a single-reed mouthpiece, a cylindrical tube with a flared end, and holes stopped by keys.
clarinettist:A person who plays the clarinet.
clarion:A shrill narrow-tubed war trumpet.
clarity:The quality of being coherent and intelligible.
clash:Meet and come into violent conflict.
clashed:Meet and come into violent conflict.
clashes:Meet and come into violent conflict.
clashing:In conflict with each other; incompatible.
clasp:Grasp (something) tightly with one's hand.
clasped:Grasp (something) tightly with one's hand.
clasping:Grasp (something) tightly with one's hand.
clasps:Grasp (something) tightly with one's hand.
class:Assign or regard as belonging to a particular category.
classed:Assign or regard as belonging to a particular category.
classes:Assign or regard as belonging to a particular category.
classic:A work of art of recognized and established value.
classical:Relating to ancient Greek or Latin literature, art, or culture.
classically:In a way that relates to ancient Greek or Latin literature, art, or culture.
classics:A work of art of recognized and established value.
classier:Stylish and sophisticated.
classiest:Stylish and sophisticated.
classification:The action or process of classifying something according to shared qualities or characteristics.
classified:Small advertisements placed in a newspaper and organized in categories.
classifier:A person or thing that classifies something.
classifiers:A person or thing that classifies something.
classifies:Arrange (a group of people or things) in classes or categories according to shared qualities or characteristics.
classify:Arrange (a group of people or things) in classes or categories according to shared qualities or characteristics.
classifying:Denoting an adjective that describes the class that a head noun belongs to and characterized by not having a comparative or superlative (for example American, mortal).
classing:Assign or regard as belonging to a particular category.
classless:(of a society) not divided into social classes.
classroom:A room, typically in a school, in which a class of students is taught.
classy:Stylish and sophisticated.
clatter:Make or cause to make a continuous rattling sound.
clattered:Make or cause to make a continuous rattling sound.
clattering:A continuous rattling sound as of hard objects falling or striking each other.
clatters:Make or cause to make a continuous rattling sound.
clause:A unit of grammatical organization next below the sentence in rank and in traditional grammar said to consist of a subject and predicate.
clauses:A unit of grammatical organization next below the sentence in rank and in traditional grammar said to consist of a subject and predicate.
claustrophobia:Extreme or irrational fear of confined places.
claw:(of an animal or person) scratch or tear something with the claws or the fingernails.
clawed:Having a curved pointed horny nail on each digit.
clawing:Scratch or tear something with the claws or the fingernails.
claws:Scratch or tear something with the claws or the fingernails.
clay:A stiff, sticky fine-grained earth, typically yellow, red, or bluish-gray in color and often forming an impermeable layer in the soil. It can be molded when wet, and is dried and baked to make bricks, pottery, and ceramics.
clayey:Containing or resembling clay.
clays:A stiff, sticky fine-grained earth that can be moulded when wet, and is dried and baked to make bricks, pottery, and ceramics.
clean:So as to be free from dirt, marks, or unwanted matter.
cleaned:Make clean; remove dirt, marks, or stains from.
cleaner:A person employed to clean the interior of a building.
cleaners:A person employed to clean the interior of a building.
cleanest:Make clean; remove dirt, marks, or stains from.
cleaning:The action of making something clean, especially the inside of a house.
cleans:Make clean; remove dirt, marks, or stains from.
cleanse:Make (something, especially the skin) thoroughly clean.
cleansed:Make (something, especially the skin) thoroughly clean.
cleanses:Make (something, especially the skin) thoroughly clean.
cleansing:Intended to clean something thoroughly, especially the skin.
cleanup:An act of making a place clean or tidy.
clear:So as to be out of the way of or away from.
clearance:The action or process of removing or getting rid of something or of something's dispersing.
clearcut:Cut down and remove every tree from (an area)
cleared:So as to be out of the way of or away from.
clearer:A clearing bank.
clearest:So as to be out of the way of or away from.
clearheaded:Alert and thinking logically and coherently.
clearing:An open space in a forest, especially one cleared for cultivation.
clearings:An open space in a forest, especially one cleared for cultivation.
clearly:In such a way as to allow easy and accurate perception or interpretation.
clears:So as to be out of the way of or away from.
clearway:A main road other than a motorway on which vehicles are not normally permitted to stop.
cleat:A T-shaped piece of metal or wood, especially on a boat or ship, to which ropes are attached.
cleave:Split or sever (something), especially along a natural line or grain.
cleaved:Split or sever (something), especially along a natural line or grain.
cleaver:A tool with a heavy, broad blade, used by butchers for chopping meat.
cleavers:A widely distributed scrambling plant related to bedstraws, with hooked bristles on the stem, leaves, and seeds that cling to fur and clothing.
cleaves:Split or sever (something), especially along a natural line or grain.
cleaving:Split or sever (something), especially along a natural line or grain.
clef:Any of several symbols placed at the left-hand end of a staff, indicating the pitch of the notes written on it.
cleft:past and past participle of cleave
clefts:past and past participle of cleave
clematis:A climbing plant of the buttercup family which bears white, pink, or purple flowers and feathery seeds. Several kinds are cultivated as ornamentals.
clemency:Mercy; lenience.
clench:(with reference to the fingers or hand) close into a tight ball, especially when feeling extreme anger.
clenched:(of the fingers or hand) closed into a tight ball.
clenches:(with reference to the fingers or hand) close into a tight ball, especially as a manifestation of extreme anger.
clenching:(with reference to the fingers or hand) close into a tight ball, especially as a manifestation of extreme anger.
clergies:The body of all people ordained for religious duties, especially in the Christian Church.
clergy:The body of all people ordained for religious duties, especially in the Christian Church.
clergyman:A male priest, minister, or religious leader, especially a Christian one.
clergymen:A male priest, minister, or religious leader, especially a Christian one.
clerical:(of a job or person) concerned with or relating to work in an office, especially routine documentation and administrative tasks.
clerk:A person employed in an office or bank to keep records, accounts, and undertake other routine administrative duties.
clerks:Work as a clerk.
clever:Quick to understand, learn, and devise or apply ideas; intelligent.
cleverer:Quick to understand, learn, and devise or apply ideas; intelligent.
cleverest:Quick to understand, learn, and devise or apply ideas; intelligent.
cleverness:The quality of being clever; ingenuity or shrewdness.
cliche:A phrase or opinion that is overused and betrays a lack of original thought.
cliches:A phrase or opinion that is overused and betrays a lack of original thought.
click:Make or cause to make a short, sharp sound as of a switch being operated or of two hard objects coming smartly into contact.
clicked:Make or cause to make a short, sharp sound as of a switch being operated or of two hard objects coming smartly into contact.
clicking:Making a a short, sharp sound.
clicks:Make or cause to make a short, sharp sound as of a switch being operated or of two hard objects coming smartly into contact.
client:A person or organization using the services of a lawyer or other professional person or company.
clientele:Clients collectively.
clients:A person or organization using the services of a lawyer or other professional person or company.
cliff:A steep rock face, especially at the edge of the sea.
cliffs:A steep rock face, especially at the edge of the sea.
climactic:(of an action, event, or scene) exciting or thrilling and acting as a climax to a series of events.
climate:The weather conditions prevailing in an area in general or over a long period.
climates:The weather conditions prevailing in an area in general or over a long period.
climax:The most intense, exciting, or important point of something; a culmination or apex.
climaxed:Culminate in an exciting or impressive event; reach a climax.
climaxes:Culminate in an exciting or impressive event; reach a climax.
climaxing:Culminate in an exciting or impressive event; reach a climax.
climb:Go or come up (a slope, incline, or staircase), especially by using the feet and sometimes the hands; ascend.
climbdown:A withdrawal from a position taken up in argument or negotiation.
climbed:Go or come up a (slope or staircase); ascend.
climber:A person or animal that climbs.
climbing:The sport or activity of ascending mountains or cliffs.
climbs:Go or come up a (slope or staircase); ascend.
clinch:Confirm or settle (a contract or bargain)
clinched:Confirm or settle (a contract or bargain)
clinches:Confirm or settle (a contract or bargain)
clinching:Confirm or settle (a contract or bargain)
cling:Hold on tightly to.
clinging:(of a garment) fitting closely to the body and showing its shape.
clings:Hold on tightly to.
clinic:An establishment or hospital department where outpatients are given medical treatment or advice, especially of a specialist nature.
clinical:Relating to the observation and treatment of actual patients rather than theoretical or laboratory studies.
clinically:In a way that relates to the observation and treatment of actual patients rather than theoretical or laboratory studies.
clinics:An establishment or hospital department where outpatients are given medical treatment or advice, especially of a specialist nature.
clink:Make or cause to make a clink.
clip:Fasten or be fastened with a clip or clips.
clipboard:A small board with a spring clip at the top, used for holding papers and providing support for writing.
clipboards:A small board with a spring clip at the top, used for holding papers and providing support for writing.
clipped:(of speech) having short, sharp vowel sounds and clear pronunciation.
clipping:A small piece trimmed from something.
clippings:A small piece trimmed from something.
clips:Fasten or be fastened with a clip or clips.
clique:A small group of people, with shared interests or other features in common, who spend time together and do not readily allow others to join them.
cliques:A small close-knit group of people who do not readily allow others to join them.
clitoral:Relating to or affecting the clitoris.
clitoris:An erectile female genital organ at the anterior end of the vulva, which contains numerous sensory nerve endings and plays a major role in sexual arousal and pleasure in women.
cloak:Dress in a cloak.
cloaked:Dress in a cloak.
cloaking:Dress in a cloak.
cloaks:Dress in a cloak.
clobber:Hit (someone) hard.
clock:Attain or register (a specified time, distance, or speed)
clocked:Attain or register (a specified time, distance, or speed)
clocking:Attain or register (a specified time, distance, or speed)
clockmaker:A person who makes and repairs clocks and watches.
clocks:Attain or register (a specified time, distance, or speed)
clod:A lump of earth or clay.
clods:A lump of earth or clay.
clog:Block or become blocked with an accumulation of thick, wet matter.
clogged:Blocked with an accumulation of thick, wet matter.
clogging:Clog dancing.
clogs:Block or become blocked with an accumulation of thick, wet matter.
cloister:Seclude or shut up in or as if in a convent or monastery.
cloistered:Having or enclosed by a cloister, as in a monastery.
cloisters:Seclude or shut up in a convent or monastery.
clonal:Relating to or characteristic of a clone.
clone:Propagate (an organism or cell) as a clone.
clones:Propagate (an organism or cell) as a clone.
close:In a position so as to be very near to someone or something; with very little space between.
closed:Not open.
closely:With little or no space or time in between.
closer:The last part of a performance, collection, or series.
closers:The last part of a performance, collection, or series.
closes:Very near to someone or something; with very little space between.
closest:Very near to someone or something; with very little space between.
closet:Shut (someone) away, especially in private conference or study.
closeted:Keeping something secret, especially the fact of being gay.
closets:Shut (someone) away, especially in private conference or study.
closing:Bringing something to an end; final.
closure:An act or process of closing something, especially an institution, thoroughfare, or frontier, or of being closed.
closures:Apply the closure to (a debate or speaker) in a legislative assembly.
clot:Form or cause to form clots.
cloth:Woven or felted fabric made from wool, cotton, or a similar fiber.
clothe:Put clothes on (oneself or someone); dress.
clothed:Wearing clothes; dressed.
clothes:Items worn to cover the body.
clothing:Clothes collectively.
cloths:Woven or felted fabric made from wool, cotton, or a similar fibre.
clots:Form or cause to form clots.
clotted:Form or cause to form clots.
clotting:Form or cause to form clots.
cloud:(of the sky) become overcast with clouds.
cloudburst:A sudden violent rainstorm.
clouded:(of the sky) become overcast or gloomy.
cloudier:(of the sky or weather) covered with or characterized by clouds.
cloudiest:(of the sky or weather) covered with or characterized by clouds.
clouding:(of the sky) become overcast or gloomy.
clouds:(of the sky) become overcast or gloomy.
cloudscape:A large cloud formation considered in terms of its visual effect.
cloudscapes:A large cloud formation considered in terms of its visual effect.
cloudy:(of the sky or weather) covered with or characterized by clouds; overcast.
clout:Hit hard with the hand or a hard object.
clouted:Hit (someone or something) hard.
clouts:Hit (someone or something) hard.
clove:The dried flower bud of a tropical tree, used as a pungent aromatic spice.
cloven:past participle of cleave
clover:A herbaceous plant of the pea family that has dense, globular flower heads, and leaves that are typically three-lobed. It is an important and widely grown fodder and rotational crop.
cloves:The dried flower bud of a tropical tree, used as an aromatic spice.
clown:A comic entertainer, especially one in a circus, wearing a traditional costume and exaggerated makeup.
clowned:Behave in a comical or playful way.
clowning:Behave in a comical or playful way.
clowns:Behave in a comical or playful way.
cloying:Excessively sweet, rich, or sentimental, especially to a disgusting or sickening degree.
club:An association or organization dedicated to a particular interest or activity.
clubbed:Combine with others so as to collect a sum of money for a particular purpose.
clubbing:Combine with others so as to collect a sum of money for a particular purpose.
clubman:A man who is a member of one or more clubs, especially a member of a gentleman's club.
clubs:Combine with others so as to collect a sum of money for a particular purpose.
clue:Inform someone about a particular matter.
clued:Inform someone about a particular matter.
clueless:Having no knowledge, understanding, or ability.
clues:Inform someone about a particular matter.
clump:A compacted mass or lump of something.
clumped:Form a clump or clumps.
clumping:Form a clump or clumps.
clumps:Form a clump or clumps.
clumpy:(of shoes or boots) heavy and inelegant.
clumsier:Awkward in movement or in handling things.
clumsiest:Awkward in movement or in handling things.
clumsy:Awkward in movement or in handling things.
clung:Hold on tightly to.
cluster:A group of similar things or people positioned or occurring closely together.
clustered:Growing or situated in a group.
clustering:Form a cluster or clusters.
clusters:Form a cluster or clusters.
clutch:Grasp or seize (something) tightly or eagerly.
clutched:Grasp (something) tightly.
clutches:Grasp (something) tightly.
clutching:Grasp (something) tightly.
clutter:Crowd (something) untidily; fill with clutter.
cluttered:Cover or fill (something) with an untidy collection of things.
cluttering:Cover or fill (something) with an untidy collection of things.
clutters:Cover or fill (something) with an untidy collection of things.
coach:Travel by coach.
coached:Travel by coach.
coaches:Travel by coach.
coaching:Travel by coach.
coachload:A group of people travelling in a coach.
coachloads:A group of people travelling in a coach.
coachwork:The bodywork of a road or railway vehicle.
coagulate:(of a fluid, especially blood) change to a solid or semisolid state.
coagulated:(of a fluid, especially blood) change to a solid or semi-solid state.
coal:Provide with a supply of coal.
coalesce:Come together to form one mass or whole.
coalesced:Come together to form one mass or whole.
coalesces:Come together to form one mass or whole.
coalescing:Come together to form one mass or whole.
coalface:An exposed surface of coal in a mine.
coalfield:An extensive area containing a number of underground coal deposits.
coalfields:An extensive area containing a number of underground coal strata.
coalition:An alliance for combined action, especially a temporary alliance of political parties forming a government or of states.
coalitions:A temporary alliance for combined action, especially of political parties forming a government.
coals:Provide with a supply of coal.
coarse:Rough or loose in texture or grain.
coarseness:The quality of being rough or harsh.
coarsens:Make or become rough.
coarser:Rough or harsh in texture.
coarsest:Rough or harsh in texture.
coast:(of a person or vehicle) move easily without using power.
coasted:(of a person or vehicle) move easily without using power.
coaster:A small tray or mat placed under a bottle or glass to protect the table underneath.
coastguard:An organization keeping watch on coastal waters in order to assist people or ships in danger and to prevent smuggling.
coasting:Moving easily without using power.
coasts:(of a person or vehicle) move easily without using power.
coat:Provide with a layer or covering of something; apply a coat to.
coating:A thin layer or covering of something.
coatings:A thin layer or covering of something.
coats:Provide with a layer or covering of something.
coauthor:Be a joint author of (a book, paper, or report)
coauthored:Be a joint author of (a book, paper, or report)
coauthoring:Be a joint author of (a book, paper, or report)
coauthors:Be a joint author of (a book, paper, or report)
coax:Gently and persistently persuade (someone) to do something.
coaxed:Gently and persistently persuade (someone) to do something.
coaxes:Gently and persistently persuade (someone) to do something.
coaxing:Persistent gentle persuasion.
cob:The central, cylindrical, woody part of the corn ear to which the grains, or kernels, are attached.
cobalt:The chemical element of atomic number 27, a hard silvery-white magnetic metal.
cobble:A cobblestone.
cobbled:(of an area or roadway) paved with cobbles.
coble:A flat-bottomed fishing boat of a type used in Scotland and north-eastern England.
cobra:A highly venomous snake native to Africa and Asia that spreads the skin of its neck into a hood when disturbed.
cobs:The central cylindrical woody part of the maize ear to which the grains are attached.
coca:A tropical American shrub that is widely grown for its leaves, which are the source of cocaine.
cocaine:An addictive drug derived from coca or prepared synthetically, used as an illegal stimulant and sometimes medicinally as a local anesthetic.
cochlea:The spiral cavity of the inner ear containing the organ of Corti, which produces nerve impulses in response to sound vibrations.
cock:Tilt (something) in a particular direction.
cockatoo:A parrot with an erectile crest, found in Australia, eastern Indonesia, and neighboring islands.
cockatoos:A parrot with an erectile crest, found in Australia, eastern Indonesia, and neighbouring islands.
cocked:A kind of fine-quality leavened bread; a loaf of this. historical after 16th century.
cockier:Conceited or confident in a bold or cheeky way.
cockiest:Conceited or confident in a bold or cheeky way.
cocking:Tilt (something) in a particular direction.
cockney:A native of East London, traditionally one born within hearing of Bow Bells.
cockneys:A native of East London, traditionally one born within hearing of Bow Bells.
cocks:Tilt (something) in a particular direction.
cockshies:A target for throwing sticks or stones at as a game.
cocksure:Presumptuously or arrogantly confident.
cocktail:An alcoholic drink consisting of a spirit or several spirits mixed with other ingredients, such as fruit juice, lemonade, or cream.
cocky:Conceited or arrogant, especially in a bold or impudent way.
cocoa:A chocolate powder made from roasted and ground cacao seeds.
coconut:The large, oval, brown seed of a tropical palm, consisting of a hard shell lined with edible white flesh and containing a clear liquid. It grows inside a woody husk, surrounded by fiber.
cocoon:Envelop or surround in a protective or comforting way.
cocooned:Envelop in a protective or comforting way.
cocoons:Envelop in a protective or comforting way.
cod:A large marine fish with a small barbel on the chin.
coda:The concluding passage of a piece or movement, typically forming an addition to the basic structure.
coddle:Treat in an indulgent or overprotective way.
coddling:Treat (someone) in an indulgent or overprotective way.
code:Convert (the words of a message) into a particular code in order to convey a secret meaning.
codebreaker:A person who solves a code or codes.
coded:Converted into a code to convey a secret meaning.
codeine:A sleep-inducing and analgesic drug derived from morphine.
codenamed:Identified by a word used for secrecy or convenience instead of the usual name.
coder:A person who writes code for computer programs.
coders:A person who writes code for computer programs.
codes:Convert (the words of a message) into a code so as to convey a secret meaning.
codfish:another term for cod
codicil:An addition or supplement that explains, modifies, or revokes a will or part of one.
codified:Arrange (laws or rules) into a systematic code.
codifies:Arrange (laws or rules) into a systematic code.
codify:Arrange (laws or rules) into a systematic code.
codifying:Arrange (laws or rules) into a systematic code.
coding:Functioning as the genetic code or determiner for an amino acid, protein, or characteristic.
codling:An immature cod.
codpiece:A pouch, especially a conspicuous and decorative one, attached to a man's breeches or close-fitting hose to cover the genitals, worn in the 15th and 16th centuries.
cods:A large marine fish with a small barbel on the chin.
coerce:Persuade (an unwilling person) to do something by using force or threats.
coerced:Persuade (an unwilling person) to do something by using force or threats.
coerces:Persuade (an unwilling person) to do something by using force or threats.
coercing:Persuade (an unwilling person) to do something by using force or threats.
coercion:The practice of persuading someone to do something by using force or threats.
coercions:The practice of persuading someone to do something by using force or threats.
coffee:A hot drink made from the roasted and ground seeds (coffee beans) of a tropical shrub.
coffer:A strongbox or small chest for holding valuables.
cofferdam:A watertight enclosure pumped dry to permit construction work below the waterline, as when building bridges or repairing a ship.
cofferdams:A watertight enclosure pumped dry to permit construction work below the waterline, as when building bridges or repairing a ship.
coffers:A strongbox or small chest for holding valuables.
coffin:Put (a dead body) in a coffin.
coffins:Put (a dead body) in a coffin.
cog:A wheel or bar with a series of projections on its edge, which transfers motion by engaging with projections on another wheel or bar.
cogency:The quality of being clear, logical, and convincing; lucidity.
cogent:(of an argument or case) clear, logical, and convincing.
cogitate:Think deeply about something; meditate or reflect.
cogitated:Think deeply about something; meditate or reflect.
cogitating:Think deeply about something; meditate or reflect.
cogitation:The action of thinking deeply about something; contemplation.
cogitations:The action of thinking deeply about something; contemplation.
cognate:A cognate word.
cognates:A cognate word.
cognisance:Knowledge or awareness.
cognisant:Having knowledge or awareness.
cognition:The mental action or process of acquiring knowledge and understanding through thought, experience, and the senses.
cognitively:In a way that relates to or affects cognition.
cognizance:Knowledge, awareness, or notice.
cognizant:Having knowledge or being aware of.
cohabit:Live together and have a sexual relationship without being married.
cohabiting:Live together and have a sexual relationship without being married.
cohere:Be united; form a whole.
coherence:The quality of being logical and consistent.
coherent:(of an argument, theory, or policy) logical and consistent.
coherently:(with reference to an argument, theory, or policy) in a logical and consistent way.
cohesion:The action or fact of forming a united whole.
cohesive:Characterized by or causing cohesion.
cohesiveness:The quality of forming a united whole.
cohort:A group of people banded together or treated as a group.
cohorts:A group of people with a shared characteristic.
coiffure:A person's hairstyle, typically an elaborate one.
coil:Arrange or wind (something long and flexible) in a joined sequence of concentric circles or rings.
coiled:Arrange (something long and flexible) in a coil.
coiling:Arrange (something long and flexible) in a coil.
coils:Arrange (something long and flexible) in a coil.
coin:Make (coins) by stamping metal.
coincide:Occur at or during the same time.
coincided:Occur at the same time.
coincidence:A remarkable concurrence of events or circumstances without apparent causal connection.
coincidences:A remarkable concurrence of events or circumstances without apparent causal connection.
coincident:Occurring together in space or time.
coincidental:Resulting from a coincidence; done or happening by chance.
coincides:Occur at the same time.
coinciding:Occur at the same time.
coined:Make (coins) by stamping metal.
coining:Make (coins) by stamping metal.
coins:Make (coins) by stamping metal.
coitus:Sexual intercourse.
coke:Convert (coal) into coke.
col:The lowest point of a ridge or saddle between two peaks, typically affording a pass from one side of a mountain range to another.
cola:A brown carbonated drink that is flavored with an extract of cola nuts, or with a similar flavoring.
colander:A perforated bowl used to strain off liquid from food, especially after cooking.
cold:Completely; entirely.
colder:Completely; entirely.
coldest:Completely; entirely.
coldhearted:Lacking affection or warmth; unfeeling.
colds:Completely; entirely.
cole:A brassica, especially cabbage, kale, or rape.
colitis:Inflammation of the lining of the colon.
collaborate:Work jointly on an activity, especially to produce or create something.
collaborated:Work jointly on an activity or project.
collaborates:Work jointly on an activity or project.
collaborating:Work jointly on an activity or project.
collaboration:The action of working with someone to produce or create something.
collaborationist:A person who traitorously cooperates with an enemy.
collaborations:The action of working with someone to produce something.
collaborative:Produced or conducted by two or more parties working together.
collaboratively:In a way that is produced by or involves two or more parties working together.
collaborator:A person who works jointly on an activity or project; an associate.
collaborators:A person who works jointly on an activity or project; an associate.
collagen:The main structural protein found in skin and other connective tissues, widely used in purified form for cosmetic surgical treatments.
collapse:(of a structure) fall down or in; give way.
collapsed:(of a structure) having fallen down or given way.
collapses:(of a structure) suddenly fall down or give way.
collapsible:(of an object) able to be folded into a small space.
collapsing:(of a structure) suddenly fall down or give way.
collar:A band of material around the neck of a shirt, dress, coat, or jacket, either upright or turned over and generally an integral part of the garment.
collarbone:Either of the pair of bones joining the breastbone to the shoulder blades.
collared:(of a garment) having a collar.
collaring:Put a collar on (an animal)
collars:Put a collar on (an animal)
collate:Collect and combine (texts, information, or sets of figures) in proper order.
collated:Collect and combine (texts, information, or data)
collateral:Something pledged as security for repayment of a loan, to be forfeited in the event of a default.
collates:Collect and combine (texts, information, or data)
collating:Collect and combine (texts, information, or data)
collation:The action of collating something.
colleague:A person with whom one works in a profession or business.
colleagues:A person with whom one works in a profession or business.
collect:Bring or gather together (things, typically when scattered or widespread)
collectable:An item valued and sought by collectors.
collectables:An item valued and sought by collectors.
collected:(of a person) not perturbed or distracted.
collecting:Bring or gather together (a number of things)
collection:The action or process of collecting someone or something.
collections:The action or process of collecting someone or something.
collective:A cooperative enterprise.
collectives:A cooperative enterprise.
collectivist:An adherent of the practice or principle of giving a group priority over each individual in it.
collects:Bring or gather together (a number of things)
college:An educational institution or establishment, in particular one providing higher education or specialized professional or vocational training.
colleges:An educational institution or establishment, in particular one providing higher education or specialized professional or vocational training.
collide:Hit with force when moving.
collided:Hit by accident when moving.
collides:Hit by accident when moving.
colliding:Hit by accident when moving.
collie:A sheepdog of a breed originating in Scotland, having a long, pointed nose and thick, long hair.
collieries:A coal mine and the buildings and equipment associated with it.
colliery:A coal mine and the buildings and equipment associated with it.
collies:A sheepdog of a breed originating in Scotland, having a long pointed nose and long thick hair.
collimator:A device for producing a parallel beam of rays or radiation.
collision:An instance of one moving object or person striking violently against another.
collisions:An instance of one moving object or person striking violently against another.
colloid:A homogeneous noncrystalline substance consisting of large molecules or ultramicroscopic particles of one substance dispersed through a second substance. Colloids include gels, sols, and emulsions; the particles do not settle, and cannot be separated out by ordinary filtering or centrifuging like those in a suspension.
colloids:A homogeneous non-crystalline substance consisting of large molecules or ultramicroscopic particles of one substance dispersed through a second substance. Colloids include gels, sols, and emulsions; the particles do not settle, and cannot be separated out by ordinary filtering or centrifuging like those in a suspension.
colloquial:(of language) used in ordinary or familiar conversation; not formal or literary.
colloquially:In the language of ordinary or familiar conversation; informally.
collude:Cooperate in a secret or unlawful way in order to deceive or gain an advantage over others.
colluded:Cooperate in a secret or unlawful way in order to deceive or gain an advantage over others.
colluding:Cooperate in a secret or unlawful way in order to deceive or gain an advantage over others.
collusion:Secret or illegal cooperation or conspiracy, especially in order to cheat or deceive others.
colobus:A slender leaf-eating African monkey with silky fur, a long tail, and very small or absent thumbs.
cologne:Eau de cologne or scented toilet water.
colon:A punctuation mark (:) used to precede a list of items, a quotation, or an expansion or explanation.
colonel:An army officer of high rank, in particular (in the US Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps) an officer above a lieutenant colonel and below a brigadier general.
colonels:A rank of officer in the army and in the US air force, above a lieutenant colonel and below a brigadier or brigadier general.
colonialist:A person who supports the practice of gaining political control over other countries and occupying them with settlers.
colonialists:A person who supports the practice of gaining political control over other countries and occupying them with settlers.
colonic:An act or instance of colonic irrigation, performed for its supposed therapeutic benefits.
colonies:A country or area under the full or partial political control of another country and occupied by settlers from that country.
colonise:Send settlers to (a place) and establish political control over it.
colonised:Send settlers to (a place) and establish political control over it.
colonising:Send settlers to (a place) and establish political control over it.
colonist:A settler in or inhabitant of a colony.
colonists:A settler in or inhabitant of a colony.
colonnade:A row of columns supporting a roof, an entablature, or arcade.
colonnades:A row of evenly spaced columns supporting a roof, an entablature, or arches.
colons:A punctuation mark (:) used to precede a list of items, a quotation, or an expansion or explanation.
colony:A country or area under the full or partial political control of another country, typically a distant one, and occupied by settlers from that country.
colossal:Extremely large.
colostomies:A surgical operation in which the colon is shortened to remove a damaged part and the cut end diverted to an opening in the abdominal wall.
colostomy:A surgical operation in which a piece of the colon is diverted to an artificial opening in the abdominal wall so as to bypass a damaged part of the colon.
colour:Change the colour of (something) by painting, dyeing, or shading it.
colourant:A dye, pigment, or other substance that colours something.
colourants:A dye, pigment, or other substance that colours something.
colourful:Having much or varied colour; bright.
colouring:The process of changing the colour of something by painting, dyeing, or shading it.
colourings:The process of changing the colour of something by painting, dyeing, or shading it.
colourless:(especially of a gas or liquid) without colour.
colours:Change the colour of (something) by painting, dyeing, or shading it.
coloury:Full of or characterized by colour (literal and figurative); colourful.
cols:The lowest point of a ridge or saddle between two peaks, typically providing a pass from one side of a mountain range to another.
colt:A young uncastrated male horse, in particular one less than four years old.
colts:A young uncastrated male horse, in particular one less than four years old.
columbus:An industrial city in western Georgia, on the Chattahoochee River, noted as a textile center; population 186,984 (est. 2008).
column:An upright pillar, typically cylindrical and made of stone or concrete, supporting an entablature, arch, or other structure or standing alone as a monument.
columnist:A journalist contributing regularly to a newspaper or magazine.
columnists:A journalist contributing regularly to a newspaper or magazine.
columns:An upright pillar, typically cylindrical, supporting an arch, entablature, or other structure or standing alone as a monument.
coma:A state of deep unconsciousness that lasts for a prolonged or indefinite period, caused especially by severe injury or illness.
comas:A prolonged state of deep unconsciousness, caused especially by severe injury or illness.
comatose:Of or in a state of deep unconsciousness for a prolonged or indefinite period, especially as a result of severe injury or illness.
comb:Untangle or arrange (the hair) by drawing a comb through it.
combat:Take action to reduce or prevent (something bad or undesirable)
combatant:A person or nation engaged in fighting during a war.
combatants:A person or nation engaged in fighting during a war.
combated:Take action to reduce or prevent (something bad or undesirable)
combating:Take action to reduce or prevent (something bad or undesirable)
combative:Ready or eager to fight; pugnacious.
combats:Take action to reduce or prevent (something bad or undesirable)
combed:(of hair) having been untangled or arranged by the drawing of a comb through it.
combination:A joining or merging of different parts or qualities in which the component elements are individually distinct.
combinations:A joining or merging of different parts or qualities in which the component elements are individually distinct.
combine:Unite; merge.
combined:Join or merge to form a single unit or substance.
combines:Join or merge to form a single unit or substance.
combing:Untangle or arrange (the hair) by drawing a comb through it.
combining:Join or merge to form a single unit or substance.
combs:A single undergarment covering the body and legs.
combustible:A combustible substance.
combustibles:A combustible substance.
combustion:The process of burning something.
come:When a specified time is reached or event happens.
comeback:A return by a well-known person, especially an entertainer or sports player, to the activity in which they have formerly been successful.
comedian:An entertainer whose act is designed to make an audience laugh.
comedians:An entertainer on stage or television whose act is designed to make an audience laugh.
comedown:A loss of status or importance.
comedy:Professional entertainment consisting of jokes and satirical sketches, intended to make an audience laugh.
comely:Pleasant to look at; attractive (typically used of a woman)
comes:Move or travel towards or into a place thought of as near or familiar to the speaker.
comet:A celestial object consisting of a nucleus of ice and dust and, when near the sun, a “tail” of gas and dust particles pointing away from the sun.
comfort:Ease the grief or distress of; console.
comfortable:A warm quilt.
comforted:Ease the grief or distress of.
comforting:Serving to alleviate a person's feelings of grief or distress.
comforts:Ease the grief or distress of.
comic:A comedian, especially a professional one.
comical:Amusing.
comics:A comedian.
coming:An arrival or approach.
comings:An arrival or approach.
comma:A punctuation mark (,) indicating a pause between parts of a sentence. It is also used to separate items in a list and to mark the place of thousands in a large numeral.
command:Give an authoritative order.
commanded:Give an authoritative or peremptory order.
commandeer:Officially take possession or control of (something), especially for military purposes.
commandeered:Officially take possession or control of (something), especially for military purposes.
commandeering:Officially take possession or control of (something), especially for military purposes.
commander:A person in authority, especially over a body of troops or a military operation.
commanders:A person in authority, especially over a body of troops or a military operation.
commanding:(in military contexts) having a position of authority.
commandment:A divine rule, especially one of the Ten Commandments.
commandments:A divine rule, especially one of the Ten Commandments.
commands:Give an authoritative or peremptory order.
commemorate:Recall and show respect for (someone or something)
commemorated:Recall and show respect for (someone or something)
commemorates:Recall and show respect for (someone or something)
commemorating:Recall and show respect for (someone or something)
commemorative:An object such as a stamp or coin made to mark an event or honor a person.
commence:Begin; start.
commenced:Begin.
commencement:A beginning or start.
commences:Begin.
commencing:Begin.
commend:Praise formally or officially.
commendable:Deserving praise.
commendation:Praise.
commendations:Formal or official praise.
commended:Praise formally or officially.
commending:Praise formally or officially.
commends:Praise formally or officially.
commensurate:Corresponding in size or degree; in proportion.
comment:Express (an opinion or reaction)
commentaries:An expression of opinions or offering of explanations about an event or situation.
commentary:An expression of opinions or offering of explanations about an event or situation.
commentator:A person who comments on events or on a text.
commentators:A person who comments on events or on a text.
commented:Express an opinion or reaction in speech or writing.
commenter:A person who expresses an opinion or engages in discussion of an issue or event, especially online in response to an article or blog post.
commenting:Express an opinion or reaction in speech or writing.
comments:Express an opinion or reaction in speech or writing.
commerce:The activity of buying and selling, especially on a large scale.
commercial:A television or radio advertisement.
commercialisation:The process of managing or running something principally for financial gain.
commercialised:Designed principally for financial gain; profit-orientated.
commercially:In a way that is concerned with buying, selling, and making a profit.
commercials:A television or radio advertisement.
commiserate:Express or feel sympathy or pity; sympathize.
commiserated:Express or feel sympathy or pity; sympathize.
commiserating:Express or feel sympathy or pity; sympathize.
commiseration:Sympathy and sorrow for the misfortunes of others; compassion.
commiserations:Sympathy and sorrow for the misfortunes of others; compassion.
commissar:An official of the Communist Party, especially in the former Soviet Union or present-day China, responsible for political education and organization.
commissariat:A department for the supply of food and equipment.
commissars:An official of the Communist Party, especially in the former Soviet Union or present-day China, responsible for political education and organization.
commission:Give an order for or authorize the production of (something such as a building, piece of equipment, or work of art)
commissioned:(especially of a work of art) produced specially to order.
commissioner:A person appointed to a role on or by a commission.
commissioning:Order or authorize the production of (something)
commissions:Order or authorize the production of (something)
commit:Carry out or perpetrate (a mistake, crime, or immoral act)
commitment:The state or quality of being dedicated to a cause, activity, etc.
commits:Perpetrate or carry out (a mistake, crime, or immoral act)
committed:Feeling dedication and loyalty to a cause, activity, or job; wholeheartedly dedicated.
committing:Perpetrate or carry out (a mistake, crime, or immoral act)
commodious:(especially of furniture or a building) roomy and comfortable.
commodities:A raw material or primary agricultural product that can be bought and sold, such as copper or coffee.
commodity:A raw material or primary agricultural product that can be bought and sold, such as copper or coffee.
commodore:A naval officer of high rank, in particular an officer in the US Navy or Coast Guard ranking above captain and below rear admiral.
commodores:A naval rank above captain and below rear admiral, generally given temporarily to an officer commanding a squadron or division of a fleet.
common:A piece of open land for public use, especially in a village or town.
commoner:An ordinary person, without rank or title.
commoners:One of the ordinary or common people, as opposed to the aristocracy or to royalty.
commonest:A piece of open land for public use.
commonly:Very often; frequently.
commonplace:A usual or ordinary thing.
commonplaces:A usual or ordinary thing.
commons:A dining hall in a residential school or college.
commotion:A state of confused and noisy disturbance.
commotions:A state of confused and noisy disturbance.
communal:Shared by all members of a community; for common use.
commune:A group of people living together and sharing possessions and responsibilities.
communed:A group of people living together and sharing possessions and responsibilities.
communes:A group of people living together and sharing possessions and responsibilities.
communicable:Able to be communicated to others.
communicate:Share or exchange information, news, or ideas.
communicated:Share or exchange information, news, or ideas.
communicates:Share or exchange information, news, or ideas.
communicating:Share or exchange information, news, or ideas.
communication:The imparting or exchanging of information or news.
communications:The imparting or exchanging of information by speaking, writing, or using some other medium.
communicative:Ready to talk or impart information.
communicativeness:The quality of being willing, eager, or able to talk or impart information.
communing:A group of people living together and sharing possessions and responsibilities.
communion:The sharing or exchanging of intimate thoughts and feelings, especially when the exchange is on a mental or spiritual level.
communique:An official announcement or statement, especially one made to the media.
communiques:An official announcement or statement, especially one made to the media.
communism:A political theory derived from Karl Marx, advocating class war and leading to a society in which all property is publicly owned and each person works and is paid according to their abilities and needs.
communist:A person who supports or believes in the principles of communism.
communists:A person who supports or believes in the principles of communism.
communitarian:A person who advocates or supports the theory or ideology of communitarianism.
community:A group of people living in the same place or having a particular characteristic in common.
commutation:The action or process of commuting a judicial sentence.
commutator:An attachment, connected to the armature of a motor or generator, through which electrical connection is made and which ensures that the current flows as direct current.
commute:Travel some distance between one's home and place of work on a regular basis.
commuted:Travel some distance between one's home and place of work on a regular basis.
commuter:A person who travels some distance to work on a regular basis.
commuters:A person who travels some distance to work on a regular basis.
commutes:Travel some distance between one's home and place of work on a regular basis.
commuting:Travel some distance between one's home and place of work on a regular basis.
compact:Exert force on (something) to make it more dense; compress.
compacted:Firmly packed or pressed together; compressed.
compacting:Exert force on (something) so that it becomes more dense; compress.
compaction:The exertion of force on something so that it becomes more dense.
compactions:The exertion of force on something so that it becomes more dense.
compacts:Exert force on (something) so that it becomes more dense; compress.
companies:Associate with; keep company with.
companion:Accompany.
companionable:(of a person) friendly and sociable.
companions:Accompany.
companionship:A feeling of fellowship or friendship.
company:A commercial business.
comparable:(of a person or thing) able to be likened to another; similar.
comparative:A comparative adjective or adverb.
comparatives:A comparative adjective or adverb.
comparator:A device for comparing a measurable property or thing with a reference or standard.
comparators:A device for comparing something measurable with a reference or standard.
compare:Estimate, measure, or note the similarity or dissimilarity between.
compared:Estimate, measure, or note the similarity or dissimilarity between.
compares:Estimate, measure, or note the similarity or dissimilarity between.
comparing:Estimate, measure, or note the similarity or dissimilarity between.
comparison:A consideration or estimate of the similarities or dissimilarities between two things or people.
comparisons:A consideration or estimate of the similarities or dissimilarities between two things or people.
compartment:Divide (something) into separate parts or sections.
compartmentalisation:The division of something into sections or categories.
compartmentalised:Divide into discrete sections or categories.
compartmentalising:Divide into discrete sections or categories.
compartments:Divide (something) into separate parts or sections.
compass:Go around (something) in a circular course.
compassed:Go round (something) in a circular course.
compasses:Go round (something) in a circular course.
compassion:Sympathetic pity and concern for the sufferings or misfortunes of others.
compassionate:Feeling or showing sympathy and concern for others.
compatibility:A state in which two things are able to exist or occur together without problems or conflict.
compatible:A computer that can use software designed for another make or type.
compatibles:A computer that can use software designed for another make or type.
compatriot:A fellow citizen or national of a country.
compatriots:A fellow citizen or national of a country.
compel:Force or oblige (someone) to do something.
compelled:Force or oblige (someone) to do something.
compelling:Evoking interest, attention, or admiration in a powerfully irresistible way.
compels:Force or oblige (someone) to do something.
compendia:A collection of concise but detailed information about a particular subject, especially in a book or other publication.
compendium:A collection of concise but detailed information about a particular subject, especially in a book or other publication.
compendiums:A collection of concise but detailed information about a particular subject, especially in a book or other publication.
compensate:Give (someone) something, typically money, in recognition of loss, suffering, or injury incurred; recompense.
compensated:Give (someone) something, typically money, in recognition of loss, suffering, or injury incurred; recompense.
compensates:Give (someone) something, typically money, in recognition of loss, suffering, or injury incurred; recompense.
compensating:Give (someone) something, typically money, in recognition of loss, suffering, or injury incurred; recompense.
compensation:Something, typically money, awarded to someone as a recompense for loss, injury, or suffering.
compensatory:(of a payment) intended to recompense someone who has experienced loss, suffering, or injury.
compete:Strive to gain or win something by defeating or establishing superiority over others who are trying to do the same.
competed:Strive to gain or win something by defeating or establishing superiority over others.
competence:The ability to do something successfully or efficiently.
competences:The ability to do something successfully or efficiently.
competency:The ability to do something successfully or efficiently.
competent:Having the necessary ability, knowledge, or skill to do something successfully.
competes:Strive to gain or win something by defeating or establishing superiority over others.
competing:Striving against one another to gain or win something.
competition:The activity or condition of competing.
competitive:Relating to or characterized by competition.
competitively:In a way that strives to gain or win something by defeating others.
competitiveness:Possession of a strong desire to be more successful than others.
competitor:A person who takes part in an athletic contest.
competitors:A person who takes part in a sporting contest.
compilation:The action or process of producing something, especially a list, book, or report, by assembling information collected from other sources.
compilations:The action or process of producing something, especially a list or book, by assembling information collected from other sources.
compile:Produce (something, especially a list, report, or book) by assembling information collected from other sources.
compiled:Produce (a list or book) by assembling information collected from other sources.
compiles:Produce (a list or book) by assembling information collected from other sources.
compiling:Produce (a list or book) by assembling information collected from other sources.
complacency:A feeling of smug or uncritical satisfaction with oneself or one's achievements.
complacent:Showing smug or uncritical satisfaction with oneself or one's achievements.
complain:Express dissatisfaction or annoyance about something.
complained:Express dissatisfaction or annoyance about something.
complaining:The expression of dissatisfaction or annoyance about something.
complains:Express dissatisfaction or annoyance about something.
complaint:A statement that a situation is unsatisfactory or unacceptable.
complaints:A statement that something is unsatisfactory or unacceptable.
complaisant:Willing to please others; obliging; agreeable.
complement:Add to (something) in a way that enhances or improves it; make perfect.
complementarity:A complementary relationship or situation.
complementary:Combining in such a way as to enhance or emphasize the qualities of each other or another.
complemented:Contribute extra features to (someone or something) in such a way as to improve or emphasize their qualities.
complementing:Contribute extra features to (someone or something) in such a way as to improve or emphasize their qualities.
complements:Contribute extra features to (someone or something) in such a way as to improve or emphasize their qualities.
complete:Finish making or doing.
completed:Finish making or doing.
completely:Totally; utterly.
completes:Finish making or doing.
completing:Finish making or doing.
completion:The action or process of finishing something.
complex:Make (an atom or compound) form a complex with another.
complexes:Make (an atom or compound) form a complex with another.
complexion:The natural color, texture, and appearance of a person's skin, especially of the face.
complexions:The natural colour, texture, and appearance of a person's skin, especially of the face.
complexity:The state or quality of being intricate or complicated.
compliance:The action or fact of complying with a wish or command.
compliant:Inclined to agree with others or obey rules, especially to an excessive degree; acquiescent.
complicate:Make (something) more difficult or confusing by causing it to be more complex.
complicated:Consisting of many interconnecting parts or elements; intricate.
complicates:Make (something) more complicated.
complicating:Having the effect of making something more complicated.
complication:A circumstance that complicates something; a difficulty.
complications:A circumstance that complicates something; a difficulty.
complicity:The state of being involved with others in an illegal activity or wrongdoing.
complied:Act in accordance with a wish or command.
complies:Act in accordance with a wish or command.
compliment:Politely congratulate or praise (someone) for something.
complimentary:Expressing a compliment; praising or approving.
complimented:Politely congratulate or praise (someone) for something.
complimenting:Politely congratulate or praise (someone) for something.
compliments:Politely congratulate or praise (someone) for something.
complot:A secret or underhand plan.
comply:(of a person or group) act in accordance with a wish or command.
complying:Act in accordance with a wish or command.
component:A part or element of a larger whole, especially a part of a machine or vehicle.
components:A part or element of a larger whole, especially a part of a machine or vehicle.
comport:Conduct oneself; behave.
compose:Write or create (a work of art, especially music or poetry)
composed:Having one's feelings and expression under control; calm.
composer:A person who writes music, especially as a professional occupation.
composers:A person who writes music, especially as a professional occupation.
composes:Write or create (a work of art, especially music or poetry)
composing:Write or create (a work of art, especially music or poetry)
composite:Combine (two or more images) to make a single picture, especially electronically.
composites:Combine (two or more images) to make a single picture, especially electronically.
composition:The nature of something's ingredients or constituents; the way in which a whole or mixture is made up.
compositional:Relating to the production of a creative work such as a poem or piece of music.
compost:Make (vegetable matter or manure) into compost.
composts:Make (vegetable matter or manure) into compost.
composure:The state or feeling of being calm and in control of oneself.
compound:Make up (a composite whole); constitute.
compounded:Make up (a composite whole); constitute.
compounding:Make up (a composite whole); constitute.
compounds:Make up (a composite whole); constitute.
comprehend:Grasp mentally; understand.
comprehended:Grasp mentally; understand.
comprehending:Grasp mentally; understand.
comprehends:Grasp mentally; understand.
comprehensible:Able to be understood; intelligible.
comprehension:The action or capability of understanding something.
comprehensive:A secondary school catering to children of all abilities from a given area.
comprehensives:A comprehensive school.
compress:Flatten by pressure; squeeze or press.
compressed:Flattened by pressure; squeezed or pressed together.
compresses:Flatten by pressure; squeeze or press.
compressibility:The capacity of something to be flattened or reduced in size by pressure.
compressing:Flatten by pressure; squeeze or press.
compressive:Characterized by or resulting from pressure or squeezing.
compressor:An instrument or device for compressing something.
compressors:An instrument or device for compressing something.
comprise:Consist of; be made up of.
comprised:Consist of; be made up of.
comprises:Consist of; be made up of.
comprising:Consist of; be made up of.
compromise:Settle a dispute by mutual concession.
compromised:Settle a dispute by mutual concession.
compromises:Settle a dispute by mutual concession.
compromising:(of information or a situation) revealing an embarrassing or incriminating secret about someone.
comptroller:A controller (used in the title of some financial officers)
compulsion:The action or state of forcing or being forced to do something; constraint.
compulsions:The action or state of forcing or being forced to do something; constraint.
compulsive:Resulting from or relating to an irresistible urge, especially one that is against one's conscious wishes.
compulsively:In a way that results from or relates to an irresistible urge.
compulsory:Required by law or a rule; obligatory.
compunction:A feeling of guilt or moral scruple that prevents or follows the doing of something bad.
computational:Relating to or using computers.
computationally:In a way that uses or relates to computers.
compute:Calculate or reckon (a figure or amount)
computed:Reckon or calculate (a figure or amount)
computer:An electronic device for storing and processing data, typically in binary form, according to instructions given to it in a variable program.
computers:An electronic device for storing and processing data, typically in binary form, according to instructions given to it in a variable program.
computes:Reckon or calculate (a figure or amount)
computing:The use or operation of computers.
comrade:A companion who shares one's activities or is a fellow member of an organization.
comrades:(among men) a colleague or a fellow member of an organization.
comradeship:The company and friendship of others with common aims.
con:Persuade (someone) to do or believe something, typically by use of a deception.
conakry:The capital and chief port of Guinea, in the western part of the county, on the Atlantic coast; population 1,484,000 (est. 2007).
concatenation:A series of interconnected things or events.
concatenations:A series of interconnected things.
concave:Having an outline or surface that curves inward like the interior of a circle or sphere.
conceal:Keep from sight; hide.
concealed:Kept secret; hidden.
concealing:Not allow to be seen; hide.
concealment:The action of hiding something or preventing it from being known.
conceals:Not allow to be seen; hide.
concede:Admit that something is true or valid after first denying or resisting it.
conceded:Admit or agree that something is true after first denying or resisting it.
concedes:Admit or agree that something is true after first denying or resisting it.
conceding:Admit or agree that something is true after first denying or resisting it.
conceit:Excessive pride in oneself.
conceited:Excessively proud of oneself; vain.
conceits:Excessive pride in oneself.
conceivable:Capable of being imagined or grasped mentally.
conceive:Become pregnant with (a child)
conceived:Create (an embryo) by fertilizing an egg.
conceives:Create (an embryo) by fertilizing an egg.
conceiving:Create (an embryo) by fertilizing an egg.
concentrate:Focus one's attention or mental effort on a particular object or activity.
concentrated:Wholly directed to one thing; intense.
concentrates:Focus all one's attention on a particular object or activity.
concentrating:Focus all one's attention on a particular object or activity.
concentration:The action or power of focusing one's attention or mental effort.
concentrations:The action or power of focusing all one's attention.
concept:An abstract idea; a general notion.
conception:The action of conceiving a child or of a child being conceived.
conceptions:The action of conceiving a child or of one being conceived.
concepts:An abstract idea.
conceptually:In terms of a concept or abstract idea.
concern:Relate to; be about.
concerned:Worried, troubled, or anxious.
concerning:On the subject of or in connection with; about.
concerns:Relate to; be about.
concert:Arrange (something) by mutual agreement or coordination.
concerted:Jointly arranged, planned, or carried out; coordinated.
concertgoers:A person who goes to concerts, especially on a regular basis.
concerts:Arrange (something) by mutual agreement or coordination.
concession:A thing that is granted, especially in response to demands; a thing conceded.
concessional:(of a rate or allowance) constituting a concession.
concessionary:Relating to or constituting a concession or reduced rate.
concessions:A thing that is granted, especially in response to demands.
conciliar:Relating to or proceeding from a council, especially an ecclesiastical one.
conciliate:Stop (someone) from being angry or discontented; placate; pacify.
conciliating:Stop (someone) being angry or discontented; placate.
conciliation:The action of stopping someone from being angry; placation.
conciliator:A person who acts as a mediator between two disputing people or groups.
conciliatory:Intended or likely to placate or pacify.
concise:Giving a lot of information clearly and in a few words; brief but comprehensive.
concisely:In a way that is brief but comprehensive.
conclave:A private meeting.
conclaves:A private meeting.
conclude:Bring (something) to an end.
concluded:Bring or come to an end.
concludes:Bring or come to an end.
concluding:Bring or come to an end.
conclusion:The end or finish of an event or process.
conclusions:The end or finish of an event, process, or text.
conclusive:(of evidence or argument) serving to prove a case; decisive or convincing.
concoct:Make (a dish or meal) by combining various ingredients.
concocted:Make (a dish or meal) by combining various ingredients.
concocting:Make (a dish or meal) by combining various ingredients.
concoction:A mixture of various ingredients or elements.
concoctions:A mixture of various ingredients or elements.
concocts:Make (a dish or meal) by combining various ingredients.
concomitant:A phenomenon that naturally accompanies or follows something.
concord:Agreement or harmony between people or groups.
concords:Agreement or harmony between people or groups.
concourse:A large open area inside or in front of a public building, as in an airport or train station.
concourses:A large open area inside or in front of a public building.
concrete:Cover (an area) with concrete.
concreted:Cover (an area) with concrete.
concretes:Cover (an area) with concrete.
concreting:Cover (an area) with concrete.
concubine:(in polygamous societies) a woman who lives with a man but has lower status than his wife or wives.
concubines:(in polygamous societies) a woman who lives with a man but has lower status than his wife or wives.
concur:Be of the same opinion; agree.
concurred:Be of the same opinion; agree.
concurrency:The fact of two or more events or circumstances happening or existing at the same time.
concurrent:Existing, happening, or done at the same time.
concurring:Be of the same opinion; agree.
concurs:Be of the same opinion; agree.
concussed:Temporarily unconscious or confused after having been hit on the head.
concussion:Temporary unconsciousness or confusion caused by a blow on the head.
condemn:Express complete disapproval of, typically in public; censure.
condemnation:The expression of very strong disapproval; censure.
condemnations:The expression of very strong disapproval; censure.
condemnatory:Expressing strong disapproval; censorious.
condemned:Sentenced to a particular punishment, especially death.
condemning:Express complete disapproval of; censure.
condemns:Express complete disapproval of; censure.
condensation:Water which collects as droplets on a cold surface when humid air is in contact with it.
condense:Make (something) denser or more concentrated.
condensed:Made denser or more concise; compressed or concentrated.
condenser:An apparatus or container for condensing vapor.
condensers:An apparatus or container for condensing vapour.
condenses:Make (something) denser or more concentrated.
condensing:Make (something) denser or more concentrated.
condescend:Show feelings of superiority; be patronizing.
condescended:Show that one feels superior; be patronizing.
condescending:Having or showing a feeling of patronizing superiority.
condescends:Show that one feels superior; be patronizing.
condescension:An attitude of patronizing superiority; disdain.
condition:Have a significant influence on or determine (the manner or outcome of something)
conditional:A conditional clause or conjunction.
conditionality:The quality of being subject to one or more conditions or requirements being met.
conditionally:In a way that is subject to one or more conditions or requirements being met.
conditionals:A conditional clause or conjunction.
conditioned:Have a significant influence on or determine (the manner or outcome of something)
conditioning:The process of training or accustoming a person or animal to behave in a certain way or to accept certain circumstances.
conditions:Have a significant influence on or determine (the manner or outcome of something)
condone:Accept and allow (behavior that is considered morally wrong or offensive) to continue.
condoned:Accept (behaviour that is considered morally wrong or offensive)
condones:Accept (behaviour that is considered morally wrong or offensive)
condoning:Accept (behaviour that is considered morally wrong or offensive)
condor:A large New World vulture with a bare head and mainly black plumage, living in mountainous country and spending much time soaring.
condors:A very large New World vulture with a bare head and mainly black plumage, living in mountainous country and spending much time soaring on massive outstretched wings.
conducive:Making a certain situation or outcome likely or possible.
conduct:Organize and carry out.
conducted:Led by a guide; managed.
conducting:Organize and carry out.
conductive:Having the property of conducting something (especially heat or electricity)
conductress:A female conductor, especially in a bus or other passenger vehicle.
conducts:Organize and carry out.
conduit:A channel for conveying water or other fluid.
conduits:A channel for conveying water or other fluid.
cone:A solid or hollow object which tapers from a circular or roughly circular base to a point.
cones:Separate off or mark a road with traffic cones.
confectioner:A person whose occupation is making or selling candy and other sweets.
confectioners:A person whose trade is making or selling confectionery.
confectionery:Candy.
confederacy:A league or alliance, especially of confederate states.
confederate:Bring (states or groups of people) into an alliance.
confederates:Bring (states or groups of people) into an alliance.
confederation:An organization which consists of a number of parties or groups united in an alliance or league.
confederations:An organization which consists of a number of parties or groups united in an alliance or league.
confer:Grant or bestow (a title, degree, benefit, or right)
conference:A formal meeting for discussion.
conferences:Take part in a conference or conference call.
conferencing:Participation in a conference or conference call.
conferred:Grant (a title, degree, benefit, or right)
conferring:Grant (a title, degree, benefit, or right)
confers:Grant (a title, degree, benefit, or right)
confess:Admit or state that one has committed a crime or is at fault in some way.
confessed:Admit that one has committed a crime or done something wrong.
confesses:Admit that one has committed a crime or done something wrong.
confessing:Admit that one has committed a crime or done something wrong.
confession:A formal statement admitting that one is guilty of a crime.
confessions:A formal statement admitting that one is guilty of a crime.
confetti:Small pieces of colored paper thrown during a celebration such as a wedding.
confidant:A person with whom one shares a secret or private matter, trusting them not to repeat it to others.
confidante:A person with whom one shares a secret or private matter, trusting them not to repeat it to others.
confidantes:A person with whom one shares a secret or private matter, trusting them not to repeat it to others.
confidants:A person with whom one shares a secret or private matter, trusting them not to repeat it to others.
confide:Tell someone about a secret or private matter while trusting them not to repeat it to others.
confided:Tell someone about a secret or private matter while trusting them not to repeat it to others.
confidence:The feeling or belief that one can rely on someone or something; firm trust.
confident:A confidant.
confidential:Intended to be kept secret.
confidentially:In a way that is intended to be private or secret; privately.
confides:Tell someone about a secret or private matter while trusting them not to repeat it to others.
confiding:Willing to tell someone about a secret or private matter and trust them not to repeat it to others.
configuration:An arrangement of elements in a particular form, figure, or combination.
configurations:An arrangement of parts or elements in a particular form, figure, or combination.
confine:Keep or restrict someone or something within certain limits of (space, scope, quantity, or time)
confined:(of a space) restricted in area or volume; cramped.
confinement:The action of confining or state of being confined.
confinements:The action of confining or state of being confined.
confines:Keep or restrict someone or something within certain limits of (space, scope, or time)
confining:Keep or restrict someone or something within certain limits of (space, scope, or time)
confirm:Establish the truth or correctness of (something previously believed, suspected, or feared to be the case)
confirmation:The action of confirming something or the state of being confirmed.
confirmations:The action of confirming something or the state of being confirmed.
confirmed:(of a person) firmly established in a particular habit, belief, or way of life and unlikely to change.
confirming:Establish the truth or correctness of (something previously believed or suspected to be the case)
confirms:Establish the truth or correctness of (something previously believed or suspected to be the case)
confiscate:Take or seize (someone's property) with authority.
confiscated:(of property) taken or seized with authority.
confiscates:Take or seize (someone's property) with authority.
confiscating:Take or seize (someone's property) with authority.
confiscation:The action of taking or seizing someone's property with authority; seizure.
confiscations:The action of taking or seizing someone's property with authority; seizure.
conflagration:An extensive fire which destroys a great deal of land or property.
conflagrations:An extensive fire which destroys a great deal of land or property.
conflict:A serious disagreement or argument, typically a protracted one.
conflicted:Having or showing confused and mutually inconsistent feelings.
conflicting:Incompatible or at variance; contradictory.
conflicts:Be incompatible or at variance; clash.
conflictual:Characterized by conflict or disagreement.
confluence:The junction of two rivers, especially rivers of approximately equal width.
confocal:Having a common focus or foci.
conform:Comply with rules, standards, or laws.
conformable:(of a person) disposed or accustomed to conform to what is acceptable or expected.
conformal:(of a map projection or a mathematical mapping) preserving the correct angles between directions within small areas, though distorting distances.
conformed:Comply with rules, standards, or laws.
conforming:Comply with rules, standards, or laws.
conformist:A person who conforms to accepted behavior or established practices.
conformists:A person who conforms to accepted behaviour or established practices.
conformity:Compliance with standards, rules, or laws.
conforms:Comply with rules, standards, or laws.
confound:Cause surprise or confusion in (someone), especially by acting against their expectations.
confounded:Used for emphasis, especially to express anger or annoyance.
confounding:Cause surprise or confusion in (someone), especially by not according with their expectations.
confounds:Cause surprise or confusion in (someone), especially by not according with their expectations.
confront:Meet (someone) face to face with hostile or argumentative intent.
confrontation:A hostile or argumentative meeting or situation between opposing parties.
confrontations:A hostile or argumentative situation or meeting between opposing parties.
confronted:Come face to face with (someone) with hostile or argumentative intent.
confronting:Come face to face with (someone) with hostile or argumentative intent.
confronts:Come face to face with (someone) with hostile or argumentative intent.
confusable:A word or phrase that is easily confused with another in meaning or usage, such as mitigate, which is often confused with militate.
confuse:Cause (someone) to become bewildered or perplexed.
confused:(of a person) unable to think clearly; bewildered.
confuses:Make (someone) bewildered or perplexed.
confusing:Bewildering or perplexing.
confusingly:In a bewildering or perplexing way.
confusion:Lack of understanding; uncertainty.
confusions:Uncertainty about what is happening, intended, or required.
congeal:Solidify or coagulate, especially by cooling.
congealed:Having become semisolid, especially on cooling.
congealing:Become semi-solid, especially on cooling.
congeals:Become semi-solid, especially on cooling.
congenial:(of a person) pleasant because of a personality, qualities, or interests that are similar to one's own.
congenital:(of a disease or physical abnormality) present from birth.
conger:A large edible predatory eel of shallow coastal waters.
congested:(of a road or place) so crowded with traffic or people as to hinder freedom of movement.
congestion:The state of being congested.
congestive:Involving or produced by congestion of a part of the body.
conglomerate:A number of different things or parts that are put or grouped together to form a whole but remain distinct entities.
conglomerated:Gather together into a compact mass.
conglomerates:Gather together into a compact mass.
conglomeration:A number of different things, parts or items that are grouped together; collection.
congo:A major river in central Africa that rises as the Lualaba River south of Kisangani in northern Democratic Republic of Congo (formerly Zaire). It flows for 2,880 miles (4,630 km) in a great curve to the west and then turns southwest to form the border between the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo before emptying into the Atlantic Ocean.
congratulate:Give (someone) one's good wishes when something special or pleasant has happened to them.
congratulated:Give (someone) one's good wishes when something special or pleasant has happened to them.
congratulates:Give (someone) one's good wishes when something special or pleasant has happened to them.
congratulating:Give (someone) one's good wishes when something special or pleasant has happened to them.
congratulation:Words expressing praise for an achievement or good wishes on a special occasion.
congregate:Gather into a crowd or mass.
congregated:Gather into a crowd or mass.
congregating:Gather into a crowd or mass.
congregation:A group of people assembled for religious worship.
congregational:Relating to a congregation.
congregations:A group of people assembled for religious worship.
congress:A national legislative body, especially that of the US. The US Congress, which meets at the Capitol in Washington, D.C., was established by the Constitution of 1787 and is composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.A particular session of the US Congress.
congresses:A formal meeting or series of meetings for discussion between delegates, especially those from a political party, trade union, or from within a particular sphere of activity.
congressional:Belonging or relating to a national legislative body, especially that of the US.
congruence:Agreement or harmony; compatibility.
congruences:Agreement or harmony; compatibility.
conical:Having the shape of a cone.
conics:The branch of mathematics concerned with conic sections.
conjectural:Based on or involving conjecture.
conjecture:Form an opinion or supposition about (something) on the basis of incomplete information.
conjectured:Form an opinion or supposition about (something) on the basis of incomplete information.
conjectures:Form an opinion or supposition about (something) on the basis of incomplete information.
conjecturing:Form an opinion or supposition about (something) on the basis of incomplete information.
conjugal:Relating to marriage or the relationship of a married couple.
conjugated:Relating to or denoting double or triple bonds in a molecule which are separated by a single bond, across which some sharing of electrons occurs.
conjunction:A word used to connect clauses or sentences or to coordinate words in the same clause (e.g. and, but, if).
conjunctions:A word used to connect clauses or sentences or to coordinate words in the same clause (e.g. and, but, if).
conjunctivitis:Inflammation of the conjunctiva of the eye.
conjure:Call upon (a spirit or ghost) to appear, by means of a magic ritual.
conjured:Cause (a spirit or ghost) to appear by means of a magic ritual.
conjurer:A performer of conjuring tricks.
conjurers:A performer of conjuring tricks.
conjures:Cause (a spirit or ghost) to appear by means of a magic ritual.
conjuring:The performance of tricks which are seemingly magical, typically involving sleight of hand.
conjuror:A person who conjures.
conjurors:A performer of conjuring tricks.
conker:The hard, shiny dark brown nut of a horse chestnut tree.
conkers:The hard, shiny dark brown nut of a horse chestnut tree.
connect:Bring together or into contact so that a real or notional link is established.
connected:Brought together or into contact so that a real or notional link is established.
connecting:Joining or linking things together, especially so as to provide access and communication.
connection:A relationship in which a person, thing, or idea is linked or associated with something else.
connections:A relationship in which a person or thing is linked or associated with something else.
connects:Bring together or into contact so that a real or notional link is established.
conned:Persuade (someone) to do or believe something by lying to them.
connexion:A relationship in which a person or thing is linked or associated with something else.
connexions:A relationship in which a person or thing is linked or associated with something else.
connivance:Willingness to secretly allow or be involved in wrongdoing, especially an immoral or illegal act.
connive:Secretly allow (something considered immoral, illegal, wrong, or harmful) to occur.
connived:Secretly allow (something immoral, illegal, or harmful) to occur.
conniving:Given to or involved in conspiring to do something immoral, illegal, or harmful.
connoisseur:An expert judge in matters of taste.
connoisseurs:An expert judge in matters of taste.
connotation:An idea or feeling that a word invokes in addition to its literal or primary meaning.
connotations:An idea or feeling which a word invokes for a person in addition to its literal or primary meaning.
connote:(of a word) imply or suggest (an idea or feeling) in addition to the literal or primary meaning.
connoted:(of a word) imply or suggest (an idea or feeling) in addition to the literal or primary meaning.
connotes:(of a word) imply or suggest (an idea or feeling) in addition to the literal or primary meaning.
connoting:(of a word) imply or suggest (an idea or feeling) in addition to the literal or primary meaning.
conquer:Overcome and take control of (a place or people) by use of military force.
conquered:(of a place or people) having been overcome and taken control of by military force.
conquering:Overcome and take control of (a place or people) by military force.
conqueror:A person who conquers a place or people.
conquerors:A person who conquers a place or people; a vanquisher.
conquers:Overcome and take control of (a place or people) by military force.
conquest:The subjugation and assumption of control of a place or people by use of military force.
cons:Persuade (someone) to do or believe something by lying to them.
conscience:An inner feeling or voice viewed as acting as a guide to the rightness or wrongness of one's behavior.
consciences:A person's moral sense of right and wrong, viewed as acting as a guide to one's behaviour.
conscientious:(of a person) wishing to do what is right, especially to do one's work or duty well and thoroughly.
conscious:Aware of and responding to one's surroundings; awake.
consciousness:The state of being awake and aware of one's surroundings.
consciousnesses:The state of being aware of and responsive to one's surroundings.
conscript:Enlist (someone) compulsorily, typically into the armed services.
conscripted:Enlist (someone) compulsorily, typically into the armed services.
conscripting:Enlist (someone) compulsorily, typically into the armed services.
conscripts:Enlist (someone) compulsorily, typically into the armed services.
consecrate:Make or declare (something, typically a church) sacred; dedicate formally to a religious or divine purpose.
consecrated:(of a church or land) having been made or declared sacred.
consecrating:Make or declare (something, typically a church) sacred; dedicate formally to a religious purpose.
consecration:The action of making or declaring something, typically a church, sacred.
consecutive:Following continuously.
consensus:A general agreement.
consent:Permission for something to happen or agreement to do something.
consented:Give permission for something to happen.
consenting:Give permission for something to happen.
consents:Give permission for something to happen.
consequence:A result or effect of an action or condition.
consequences:A result or effect, typically one that is unwelcome or unpleasant.
consequent:A thing that follows another.
consequential:Following as a result or effect.
consequently:As a result.
conservation:Prevention of wasteful use of a resource.
conservative:A person who is averse to change and holds traditional values.
conservatives:A person who is averse to change and holds traditional values.
conservatoire:another term for conservatory (sense 1 of the noun)
conservatories:A room with a glass roof and walls, attached to a house at one side and used as a sun lounge or for growing delicate plants.
conservatory:A college for the study of classical music or other arts.
conserve:Protect (something, especially an environmentally or culturally important place or thing) from harm or destruction.
conserved:Protect (something, especially something of environmental or cultural importance) from harm or destruction.
conserves:Protect (something, especially something of environmental or cultural importance) from harm or destruction.
conserving:Protect (something, especially something of environmental or cultural importance) from harm or destruction.
consider:Think carefully about (something), typically before making a decision.
considerable:Notably large in size, amount, or extent.
considerably:By a notably large amount or to a notably large extent; greatly.
considerate:Careful not to cause inconvenience or hurt to others.
consideration:Careful thought, typically over a period of time.
considered:Having been thought about carefully.
considering:Taking (something) into consideration; in view of.
considers:Think carefully about (something), typically before making a decision.
consign:Deliver (something) to a person's custody, typically in order for it to be sold.
consigned:Deliver (something) to a person's keeping.
consigning:Deliver (something) to a person's keeping.
consignment:A batch of goods destined for or delivered to someone.
consignments:A batch of goods destined for or delivered to someone.
consigns:Deliver (something) to a person's keeping.
consist:Be composed or made up of.
consisted:Be composed or made up of.
consistencies:Consistent behaviour or treatment.
consistency:Conformity in the application of something, typically that which is necessary for the sake of logic, accuracy, or fairness.
consistent:Acting or done in the same way over time, especially so as to be fair or accurate.
consistently:In every case or on every occasion; invariably.
consisting:Be composed or made up of.
consists:Be composed or made up of.
consolation:The comfort received by a person after a loss or disappointment.
console:Comfort (someone) at a time of grief or disappointment.
consoled:Comfort (someone) at a time of grief or disappointment.
consoles:Comfort (someone) at a time of grief or disappointment.
consolidate:Make (something) physically stronger or more solid.
consolidated:Make (something) physically stronger or more solid.
consolidates:Make (something) physically stronger or more solid.
consolidating:Make (something) physically stronger or more solid.
consolidation:The action or process of making something stronger or more solid.
consoling:Serving to comfort someone at a time of grief or disappointment.
consonance:Agreement or compatibility between opinions or actions.
consonant:A basic speech sound in which the breath is at least partly obstructed and which can be combined with a vowel to form a syllable.
consort:A wife, husband, or companion, in particular the spouse of a reigning monarch.
consorted:Habitually associate with (someone), typically with the disapproval of others.
consorting:Habitually associate with (someone), typically with the disapproval of others.
consorts:Habitually associate with (someone), typically with the disapproval of others.
conspecific:A member of the same species.
conspicuous:Standing out so as to be clearly visible.
conspiracies:A secret plan by a group to do something unlawful or harmful.
conspiracy:A secret plan by a group to do something unlawful or harmful.
conspirator:A person who takes part in a conspiracy.
conspiratorially:In a manner suggestive of or relating to a conspiracy made by a group of people to do something unlawful or harmful.
conspirators:A person who takes part in a conspiracy.
conspire:Make secret plans jointly to commit an unlawful or harmful act.
conspired:Make secret plans jointly to commit an unlawful or harmful act.
conspires:Make secret plans jointly to commit an unlawful or harmful act.
conspiring:Make secret plans jointly to commit an unlawful or harmful act.
constancy:The quality of being faithful and dependable.
constant:A situation or state of affairs that does not change.
constantly:Continuously over a period of time; always.
constants:A situation that does not change.
constellations:A group of stars forming a recognizable pattern that is traditionally named after its apparent form or identified with a mythological figure.
consternation:Feelings of anxiety or dismay, typically at something unexpected.
constipation:A condition in which there is difficulty in emptying the bowels, usually associated with hardened feces.
constituency:A body of voters in a specified area who elect a representative to a legislative body.
constituent:A member of a constituency.
constituents:A member of an area which elects a representative to a legislative body.
constitute:Be (a part) of a whole.
constituted:Be (a part) of a whole.
constitutes:Be (a part) of a whole.
constituting:Be (a part) of a whole.
constitution:A body of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is acknowledged to be governed.
constitutional:A walk, typically one taken regularly to maintain or restore good health.
constitutionalism:Constitutional government.
constitutions:A body of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is acknowledged to be governed.
constrain:Compel or force (someone) to follow a particular course of action.
constrained:Appearing forced or overly controlled.
constraining:Compel or force (someone) to follow a particular course of action.
constrains:Compel or force (someone) to follow a particular course of action.
constraint:A limitation or restriction.
constraints:A limitation or restriction.
constrict:Make narrower, especially by encircling pressure.
constricted:Narrowed, especially by encircling pressure.
constricting:Make narrower, especially by encircling pressure.
constriction:The action of making something narrower by pressure or of becoming narrower; tightening.
constrictions:The action of making something narrower by pressure or of becoming narrower; tightening.
constrictor:A snake that kills by coiling around its prey and asphyxiating it.
constrictors:A snake that kills by coiling round its prey and asphyxiating it.
constricts:Make narrower, especially by encircling pressure.
construct:Build or erect (something, typically a building, road, or machine)
constructed:Build or make (something, typically a building, road, or machine)
constructing:Build or make (something, typically a building, road, or machine)
construction:The building of something, typically a large structure.
constructional:Relating to the construction of buildings, roads, etc.
constructive:Serving a useful purpose; tending to build up.
constructivism:A style or movement in which assorted mechanical objects are combined into abstract mobile structural forms. The movement originated in Russia in the 1920s and has influenced many aspects of modern architecture and design.
constructivist:A practitioner of a style in which mechanical objects are combined into abstract mobile forms.
constructs:Build or make (something, typically a building, road, or machine)
construe:Interpret (a word or action) in a particular way.
construed:Interpret (a word or action) in a particular way.
construes:Interpret (a word or action) in a particular way.
construing:Interpret (a word or action) in a particular way.
consul:An official appointed by a government to live in a foreign city and protect and promote the government's citizens and interests there.
consuls:An official appointed by a state to live in a foreign city and protect the state's citizens and interests there.
consult:Seek information or advice from (someone with expertise in a particular area)
consultancies:A professional practice that gives expert advice within a particular field.
consultancy:A professional practice that gives expert advice within a particular field, especially business.
consultant:A person who provides expert advice professionally.
consultants:A person who provides expert advice professionally.
consultation:The action or process of formally consulting or discussing.
consultations:The action or process of formally consulting or discussing.
consulted:Seek information or advice from (someone, especially an expert or professional)
consulting:The business of giving expert advice to other professionals, typically in financial and business matters.
consults:Seek information or advice from (someone, especially an expert or professional)
consume:Eat, drink, or ingest (food or drink)
consumed:Eat, drink, or ingest (food or drink)
consumer:A person who purchases goods and services for personal use.
consumerist:A person who is preoccupied with the acquisition of consumer goods.
consumers:A person who purchases goods and services for personal use.
consumes:Eat, drink, or ingest (food or drink)
consuming:(of a feeling) completely filling one's mind and attention; absorbing.
consummate:Make (a marriage or relationship) complete by having sexual intercourse.
consummated:Make (a marriage or relationship) complete by having sexual intercourse.
consummation:The action of making a marriage or relationship complete by having sexual intercourse.
consumption:The using up of a resource.
contact:Communicate with (someone), typically in order to give or receive specific information.
contacted:Communicate with (someone), typically in order to give or receive information.
contacting:Communicate with (someone), typically in order to give or receive information.
contacts:Communicate with (someone), typically in order to give or receive information.
contagion:The communication of disease from one person to another by close contact.
contagious:(of a disease) spread from one person or organism to another by direct or indirect contact.
contain:Have or hold (someone or something) within.
contained:Have or hold (someone or something) within.
container:An object that can be used to hold or transport something.
containers:An object for holding or transporting something.
containing:Have or hold (someone or something) within.
contains:Have or hold (someone or something) within.
contaminant:A polluting or poisonous substance that makes something impure.
contaminants:A polluting or poisonous substance that makes something impure.
contaminate:Make (something) impure by exposure to or addition of a poisonous or polluting substance.
contaminated:Having been made impure by exposure to or addition of a poisonous or polluting substance.
contaminates:Make (something) impure by exposure to or addition of a poisonous or polluting substance.
contaminating:Make (something) impure by exposure to or addition of a poisonous or polluting substance.
contemplate:Look thoughtfully for a long time at.
contemplated:Look thoughtfully for a long time at.
contemplates:Look thoughtfully for a long time at.
contemplating:Look thoughtfully for a long time at.
contemplation:The action of looking thoughtfully at something for a long time.
contemplations:The action of looking thoughtfully at something for a long time.
contemplative:A person whose life is devoted primarily to prayer, especially in a monastery or convent.
contemporaries:A person or thing living or existing at the same time as another.
contemporary:A person or thing living or existing at the same time as another.
contempt:The feeling that a person or a thing is beneath consideration, worthless, or deserving scorn.
contemptible:Deserving contempt; despicable.
contemptuous:Showing contempt; scornful.
contend:Struggle to surmount (a difficulty or danger)
contended:Struggle to surmount (a difficulty)
contending:Struggle to surmount (a difficulty)
contends:Struggle to surmount (a difficulty)
content:Satisfy (someone)
contented:Happy and at ease.
contenting:Satisfy (someone)
contention:Heated disagreement.
contentions:Heated disagreement.
contentious:Causing or likely to cause an argument; controversial.
contentment:A state of happiness and satisfaction.
contents:Satisfy (someone)
contest:Engage in competition to attain (a position of power)
contestant:A person who takes part in a contest or competition.
contestants:A person who takes part in a contest or competition.
contested:Engage in competition to attain (a position of power)
contesting:Engage in competition to attain (a position of power)
contests:Engage in competition to attain (a position of power)
context:The circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, and in terms of which it can be fully understood and assessed.
contexts:The circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, and in terms of which it can be fully understood.
contextually:In a way that relates to the context or circumstances surrounding an event, statement, or idea.
contiguous:Sharing a common border; touching.
continent:Any of the world's main continuous expanses of land (Africa, Antarctica, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, South America).
continental:An inhabitant of mainland Europe.
continents:Any of the world's main continuous expanses of land (Europe, Asia, Africa, North and South America, Australia, Antarctica).
contingencies:A future event or circumstance which is possible but cannot be predicted with certainty.
contingency:A future event or circumstance which is possible but cannot be predicted with certainty.
contingent:A group of people united by some common feature, forming part of a larger group.
contingents:A group of people sharing a common feature, forming part of a larger group.
continual:Frequently recurring; always happening.
continually:Repeated frequently in the same way; regularly.
continuance:The state of remaining in existence or operation.
continuation:The action of carrying something on over a period of time or the process of being carried on.
continue:Persist in an activity or process.
continued:Without a break in continuity; ongoing.
continues:Persist in an activity or process.
continuing:Without a break in continuity; ongoing.
continuity:The unbroken and consistent existence or operation of something over a period of time.
continuous:Forming an unbroken whole; without interruption.
contort:Twist or bend out of the normal shape.
contorted:Twisted or bent out of the normal shape.
contorting:Twist or bend out of the normal shape.
contorts:Twist or bend out of the normal shape.
contour:Mold into a specific shape, especially one designed to fit into something else.
contoured:Having been molded into a specific shape, especially one designed to fit into something else.
contouring:The technique or practice of using makeup, typically foundation or bronzer, in such a way as to accentuate or enhance the shape or structure of the face.
contours:Mould into a specific shape, especially one designed to fit into something else.
contra:A member of a guerrilla force in Nicaragua that opposed the left-wing Sandinista government 1979–90, and was supported by the US for much of that time. It was officially disbanded in 1990, after the Sandinistas' electoral defeat.
contraband:Goods that have been imported or exported illegally.
contraceptive:A device or drug serving to prevent pregnancy.
contraceptives:A device or drug serving to prevent pregnancy.
contract:Decrease in size, number, or range.
contracted:Decrease in size, number, or range.
contractible:Able to be shrunk or capable of contracting.
contractile:Capable of or producing contraction.
contracting:Decrease in size, number, or range.
contraction:The process of becoming smaller.
contractions:The process of becoming smaller.
contractor:A person or company that undertakes a contract to provide materials or labor to perform a service or do a job.
contracts:Decrease in size, number, or range.
contractually:In a way that is agreed in or enforced by a contract.
contradict:Deny the truth of (a statement) by asserting the opposite.
contradicted:Deny the truth of (a statement) by asserting the opposite.
contradicting:Deny the truth of (a statement) by asserting the opposite.
contradiction:A combination of statements, ideas, or features of a situation that are opposed to one another.
contradictions:A combination of statements, ideas, or features which are opposed to one another.
contradictory:A contradictory proposition.
contradicts:Deny the truth of (a statement) by asserting the opposite.
contraflow:A temporary arrangement where traffic on a road is transferred from its usual side to share the other half of the carriageway with traffic moving in the opposite direction.
contraflows:A temporary arrangement where traffic on a road is transferred from its usual side to share the other half of the carriageway with traffic moving in the opposite direction.
contraindication:A condition or circumstance that suggests or indicates that a particular technique or drug should not be used in the case in question.
contraption:A machine or device that appears strange or unnecessarily complicated, and often badly made or unsafe.
contraptions:A machine or device that appears strange or unnecessarily complicated, and often badly made or unsafe.
contrapuntal:Of or in counterpoint.
contrariwise:In the opposite way or order.
contrary:The opposite.
contras:A member of a guerrilla force in Nicaragua which opposed the left-wing Sandinista government 1979–90, and was supported by the US for much of that time.
contrast:The state of being strikingly different from something else in juxtaposition or close association.
contrasted:Differ strikingly.
contrasting:Differing strikingly.
contrasts:Differ strikingly.
contrasty:(of a photograph, movie, or television picture) showing a high degree of contrast.
contravene:Violate the prohibition or order of (a law, treaty, or code of conduct)
contravened:Offend against the prohibition or order of (a law, treaty, or code of conduct)
contravenes:Offend against the prohibition or order of (a law, treaty, or code of conduct)
contravening:Offend against the prohibition or order of (a law, treaty, or code of conduct)
contravention:An action that violates a law, treaty, or other ruling.
contraventions:An action which offends against a law, treaty, or other ruling.
contretemps:A minor dispute or disagreement.
contribute:Give (something, especially money) in order to help achieve or provide something.
contributed:Give (something, especially money) in order to help achieve or provide something.
contributes:Give (something, especially money) in order to help achieve or provide something.
contributing:Give (something, especially money) in order to help achieve or provide something.
contribution:A gift or payment to a common fund or collection.
contributions:A gift or payment to a common fund or collection.
contributor:A person or thing that contributes something.
contrite:Feeling or expressing remorse or penitence; affected by guilt.
contrition:The state of feeling remorseful and penitent.
contrivance:The use of skill to bring something about or create something.
contrivances:The use of skill to create or bring about something, especially with a consequent effect of artificiality.
contrive:Create or bring about (an object or a situation) by deliberate use of skill and artifice.
contrived:Deliberately created rather than arising naturally or spontaneously.
contrives:Create or bring about (an object or a situation) by deliberate use of skill and artifice.
contriving:Create or bring about (an object or a situation) by deliberate use of skill and artifice.
control:Determine the behavior or supervise the running of.
controlled:Not showing emotion; having one's feelings under control.
controllers:A person or thing that directs or regulates something.
controlling:Determine the behaviour or supervise the running of.
controls:Determine the behaviour or supervise the running of.
controversial:Giving rise or likely to give rise to public disagreement.
controversially:In a way that gives rise to controversy or public disagreement.
controversies:Prolonged public disagreement or heated discussion.
controversy:Disagreement, typically when prolonged, public, and heated.
contumely:Insolent or insulting language or treatment.
contusion:A region of injured tissue or skin in which blood capillaries have been ruptured; a bruise.
contusions:A region of injured tissue or skin in which blood capillaries have been ruptured; a bruise.
conundrum:A confusing and difficult problem or question.
conundrums:A confusing and difficult problem or question.
convalesce:Recover one's health and strength over a period of time after an illness or operation.
convalescence:Time spent recovering from an illness or medical treatment; recuperation.
convalescent:A person who is recovering after an illness or operation.
convalescing:Recover one's health and strength over a period of time after an illness or medical treatment.
convect:Transport (heat or fluid ) by convection.
convected:(of heat or fluid) transported by convection.
convecting:(of a fluid or fluid body) undergoing convection.
convects:Transport (heat or fluid ) by convection.
convene:Come or bring together for a meeting or activity; assemble.
convened:Come or bring together for a meeting or activity; assemble.
convener:A person whose job it is to call people together for meetings of a committee.
convenes:Come or bring together for a meeting or activity; assemble.
convenience:The state of being able to proceed with something with little effort or difficulty.
convenient:Fitting in well with a person's needs, activities, and plans.
convening:Come or bring together for a meeting or activity; assemble.
convenor:A person whose job it is to call people together for meetings of a committee.
convenors:A person whose job it is to call people together for meetings of a committee.
convent:A Christian community under monastic vows, especially one of nuns.
conventicle:A secret or unlawful religious meeting, typically of people with nonconformist views.
convention:A way in which something is usually done, especially within a particular area or activity.
conventional:Based on or in accordance with what is generally done or believed.
conventions:A way in which something is usually done.
convents:A Christian community of nuns living together under monastic vows.
converge:(of lines) tend to meet at a point.
converged:(of lines) tend to meet at a point.
converges:(of lines) tend to meet at a point.
converging:(of lines) tend to meet at a point.
conversant:Familiar with or knowledgeable about something.
conversation:A talk, especially an informal one, between two or more people, in which news and ideas are exchanged.
conversational:Appropriate to an informal conversation.
conversations:A talk, especially an informal one, between two or more people, in which news and ideas are exchanged.
conversazione:A scholarly social gathering held for discussion of literature and the arts.
converse:Engage in conversation.
conversed:Engage in conversation.
converses:Engage in conversation.
conversing:Engage in conversation.
conversion:The process of changing or causing something to change from one form to another.
convert:Cause to change in form, character, or function.
converted:(of a building) having been adapted to be suitable for a new purpose.
convertible:A car with a folding or detachable roof.
convertibles:A car with a folding or detachable roof.
converting:Change the form, character, or function of something.
converts:Change the form, character, or function of something.
convex:Having an outline or surface curved like the exterior of a circle or sphere.
convey:Transport or carry to a place.
conveyance:The action or process of transporting someone or something from one place to another.
conveyancing:The branch of law concerned with the preparation of documents for the transferring of property.
conveyed:Transport or carry to a place.
conveying:Transport or carry to a place.
conveys:Transport or carry to a place.
convict:Declare (someone) to be guilty of a criminal offense by the verdict of a jury or the decision of a judge in a court of law.
convicted:Having been declared guilty of a criminal offense by the verdict of a jury or the decision of a judge.
convicting:Declare (someone) to be guilty of a criminal offence by the verdict of a jury or the decision of a judge in a court of law.
conviction:A formal declaration that someone is guilty of a criminal offense, made by the verdict of a jury or the decision of a judge in a court of law.
convictions:A formal declaration by the verdict of a jury or the decision of a judge in a court of law that someone is guilty of a criminal offence.
convicts:Declare (someone) to be guilty of a criminal offence by the verdict of a jury or the decision of a judge in a court of law.
convince:Cause (someone) to believe firmly in the truth of something.
convinced:Completely certain about something.
convinces:Cause (someone) to believe firmly in the truth of something.
convincing:Capable of causing someone to believe that something is true or real.
convivial:(of an atmosphere or event) friendly, lively, and enjoyable.
conviviality:The quality of being friendly and lively; friendliness.
convocation:A large formal assembly of people.
convocations:A large formal assembly of people.
convoluted:(especially of an argument, story, or sentence) extremely complex and difficult to follow.
convolution:A thing that is complex and difficult to follow.
convolutions:A thing that is complex and difficult to follow.
convoy:(of a warship or armed troops) accompany (a group of ships or vehicles) for protection.
convoys:(of a warship or armed troops) accompany (a group of ships or vehicles) for protection.
convulse:(of a person) suffer violent involuntary contraction of the muscles, producing contortion of the body or limbs.
convulsed:Suffer violent involuntary contraction of the muscles, producing contortion of the body or limbs.
convulses:Suffer violent involuntary contraction of the muscles, producing contortion of the body or limbs.
convulsing:Suffer violent involuntary contraction of the muscles, producing contortion of the body or limbs.
convulsion:A sudden, violent, irregular movement of a limb or of the body, caused by involuntary contraction of muscles and associated especially with brain disorders such as epilepsy, the presence of certain toxins or other agents in the blood, or fever in children.
convulsions:A sudden, violent, irregular movement of the body, caused by involuntary contraction of muscles and associated especially with brain disorders such as epilepsy, the presence of certain toxins or other agents in the blood, or fever in children.
convulsive:Producing or consisting of convulsions.
coo:(of a pigeon or dove) make a soft murmuring sound.
cooed:(of a pigeon or dove) make a soft murmuring sound.
cook:Prepare (food, a dish, or a meal) by combining and heating the ingredients in various ways.
cooked:(of food or a meal) prepared by heating.
cookies:A sweet biscuit having a fairly soft, chewy texture and typically containing pieces of chocolate or fruit.
cooking:The practice or skill of preparing food by combining, mixing, and heating ingredients.
cooks:Prepare (food, a dish, or a meal) by mixing, combining, and heating the ingredients.
cookware:Pots, pans, or dishes for cooking food.
cool:Become or cause to become less hot.
coolant:A liquid or gas that is used to remove heat from something.
coolants:A liquid or gas that is used to remove heat from something.
cooled:Made less hot.
cooler:An insulated container for keeping food and drink cool.
coolers:A container for keeping food or bottles cool.
coolest:Become or make less hot.
cooling:The action or process of making or becoming less hot or warm.
cools:Become or make less hot.
coon:short for raccoon
coons:short for raccoon
coop:Confine in a small space.
cooped:Confine in a small space.
cooper:Make or repair (a cask or barrel)
cooperate:Work jointly toward the same end.
cooperated:Work jointly towards the same end.
cooperates:Work jointly towards the same end.
cooperating:Work jointly towards the same end.
cooperation:The process of working together to the same end.
cooperative:A farm, business, or other organization which is owned and run jointly by its members, who share the profits or benefits.
cooperatives:A farm, business, or other organization which is owned and run jointly by its members, who share the profits or benefits.
coopers:Make or repair (a cask or barrel)
coops:Confine in a small space.
coordinate:Bring the different elements of (a complex activity or organization) into a relationship that will ensure efficiency or harmony.
coordinated:Bring the different elements of (a complex activity or organization) into a harmonious or efficient relationship.
coordinates:Bring the different elements of (a complex activity or organization) into a harmonious or efficient relationship.
coordinating:Matching or harmonizing attractively.
coos:(of a pigeon or dove) make a soft murmuring sound.
cop:Catch or arrest (an offender)
cope:(of a person) deal effectively with something difficult.
coped:(of a structure in building) covered with a coping.
copes:(of a person) deal effectively with something difficult.
copied:Make a similar or identical version of; reproduce.
copies:Make a similar or identical version of; reproduce.
copilot:Act as the copilot of (an aircraft)
coping:The top, typically sloping, course of a brick or stone wall.
copious:Abundant in supply or quantity.
coplanar:In the same plane.
copout:An instance of avoiding a commitment or responsibility.
copouts:An instance of avoiding a commitment or responsibility.
copper:Cover or coat (something) with copper.
copperplate:A polished copper plate with a design engraved or etched into it.
coppery:Like copper, especially in color.
coppiced:(of a tree or shrub) having been cut back to ground level periodically to stimulate growth.
copra:Dried coconut kernels, from which oil is obtained.
coprocessor:A microprocessor designed to supplement the capabilities of the primary processor.
coprocessors:A microprocessor designed to supplement the capabilities of the primary processor.
coproduced:Produce (a theatrical work or a radio or television programme) jointly.
coprolite:(in paleontology) a piece of fossilized dung.
cops:Catch or arrest (an offender)
copse:A small group of trees.
copses:A small group of trees.
copulate:Have sexual intercourse.
copulating:Have sexual intercourse.
copulation:Sexual intercourse.
copulations:Sexual intercourse.
copy:Make a similar or identical version of; reproduce.
copying:Make a similar or identical version of; reproduce.
copywriter:A person who writes the text of advertisements or publicity material.
coquettes:A flirtatious woman.
coquettish:Behaving in such a way as to suggest a playful sexual attraction; flirtatious.
cor:Expressing surprise, excitement, admiration, or alarm.
coral:A hard stony substance secreted by certain marine coelenterates as an external skeleton, typically forming large reefs in warm seas.
coralline:A branching reddish seaweed with a calcareous jointed stem.(in general use) a sedentary colonial marine animal, especially a bryozoan.
cord:Attach a cord to.
cordate:Heart-shaped.
corded:(of cloth) ribbed.
cordial:A sweet fruit-flavored drink.
cordials:A sweet fruit-flavoured drink.
cordite:A smokeless explosive made from nitrocellulose, nitroglycerine, and petroleum jelly, used in ammunition.
cordless:A cordless phone.
cordon:Prevent access to or from an area or building by surrounding it with police or other guards.
cordoned:Prevent access to or from an area or building by surrounding it with police or other guards.
cordons:Prevent access to or from an area or building by surrounding it with police or other guards.
cords:Attach a cord to.
corduroy:A thick cotton fabric with velvety ribs.
corduroys:Make (a road) out of tree trunks.
core:Remove the tough central part and seeds from (a fruit)
cores:Remove the tough central part and seeds from (a fruit)
corespondent:A person cited in a divorce case as having committed adultery with the respondent.
corgi:short for Welsh corgi
corgis:A dog of a short-legged breed with a foxlike head.
coriander:An aromatic Mediterranean plant of the parsley family, the leaves and seeds of which are used as culinary herbs.
corinth:A city on the northern coast of the Peloponnese, in Greece; population 27,600 (est. 2009). The modern city, built in 1858, is slightly northeast of the site of an ancient city of the same name that was a prominent city state in ancient Greece.
cork:Close or seal (a bottle) with a cork.
corked:(of wine) spoiled by a musty taint arising from a fault in the cork.
corks:Close or seal (a bottle) with a cork.
corky:Resembling cork.
cormorant:A large diving bird with a long neck, long hooked bill, short legs, and mainly dark plumage. It typically breeds on coastal cliffs and is noted for its voracious appetite.
corn:A North American cereal plant that yields large grains, or kernels, set in rows on a cob. Its many varieties yield numerous products, highly valued for both human and livestock consumption.
corncrake:A secretive Eurasian crake inhabiting coarse grasslands, with mainly brown streaked plumage and a distinctive double rasping call.
cornea:The transparent layer forming the front of the eye.
corneas:The transparent layer forming the front of the eye.
corned:(of food) preserved in salt water.
corner:Force (a person or animal) into a place or situation from which it is hard to escape.
cornered:Having a specified number of places or angles where the edges or sides meet.
cornering:Force (a person or animal) into a place or situation from which it is hard to escape.
corners:Force (a person or animal) into a place or situation from which it is hard to escape.
cornerstone:An important quality or feature on which a particular thing depends or is based.
cornerstones:An important quality or feature on which a particular thing depends or is based.
cornfield:A field in which corn is grown.
cornfields:A field in which corn is being grown.
cornflake:A breakfast cereal consisting of toasted flakes made from maize flour.
cornflakes:A breakfast cereal consisting of toasted flakes made from corn.
cornflour:Finely ground maize flour, used for thickening sauces.
cornflower:A slender Eurasian plant related to the knapweeds, with flowers that are typically a deep, vivid blue.
cornflowers:A slender Eurasian plant related to the knapweeds, with flowers that are typically a deep, vivid blue.
cornish:The people of Cornwall collectively.
cornmeal:Meal made from ground, dried corn.
corns:The chief cereal crop of a district, especially (in England) wheat or (in Scotland) oats.
corny:Trite, banal, or mawkishly sentimental.
corollaries:A proposition that follows from (and is often appended to) one already proved.
corollary:A proposition that follows from (and is often appended to) one already proved.
corona:The rarefied gaseous envelope of the sun and other stars. The sun's corona is normally visible only during a total solar eclipse, when it is seen as an irregularly shaped pearly glow surrounding the darkened disk of the moon.
coronal:A coronal consonant.
coronation:The ceremony of crowning a sovereign or a sovereign's consort.
coronations:The ceremony of crowning a sovereign or a sovereign's consort.
coroner:An official who investigates violent, sudden, or suspicious deaths.
coroners:An official who holds inquests into violent, sudden, or suspicious deaths, and (in Britain) inquiries into cases of treasure trove.
coronet:A small or relatively simple crown, especially as worn by lesser royalty and peers or peeresses.
coronets:A small or relatively simple crown, especially as worn by lesser royalty and peers or peeresses.
corpora:A collection of written texts, especially the entire works of a particular author or a body of writing on a particular subject.
corporal:A low-ranking noncommissioned officer in the armed forces, in particular (in the US Army) an NCO ranking above private first class and below sergeant or (in the US Marine Corps) an NCO ranking above lance corporal and below sergeant.
corporals:A rank of non-commissioned officer in the army, above lance corporal or private first class and below sergeant.
corporate:A corporate company or group.
corporates:A corporate company or group.
corporation:A company or group of people authorized to act as a single entity (legally a person) and recognized as such in law.
corporations:A large company or group of companies authorized to act as a single entity and recognized as such in law.
corporatism:The control of a state or organization by large interest groups.
corporatist:A person who advocates for the control of a state or organization by large interest groups.
corporeal:Relating to a person's body, especially as opposed to their spirit.
corps:A main subdivision of an armed force in the field, consisting of two or more divisions.
corpse:A dead body, especially of a human being rather than an animal.
corpses:Spoil a piece of acting by forgetting one's lines or laughing uncontrollably.
corpulent:(of a person) fat.
corpus:A collection of written texts, especially the entire works of a particular author or a body of writing on a particular subject.
corral:Gather together and confine (a group of people or things)
corralled:Gather together and confine (a group of people or things)
corrals:Gather together and confine (a group of people or things)
correct:Put right (an error or fault)
corrected:Put right (an error or fault)
correcting:Put right (an error or fault)
correction:The action or process of correcting something.
corrective:A thing intended to correct or counteract something else.
correctly:In a way that is true, factual or appropriate; accurately.
corrector:A person or thing that corrects something, especially a computer program or electronic device with a specified function.
correctors:A person or thing that corrects something, especially a computer program or electronic device with a specified function.
corrects:Put right (an error or fault)
correlate:Have a mutual relationship or connection, in which one thing affects or depends on another.
correlated:Have a mutual relationship or connection, in which one thing affects or depends on another.
correlates:Have a mutual relationship or connection, in which one thing affects or depends on another.
correlating:Have a mutual relationship or connection, in which one thing affects or depends on another.
correlation:A mutual relationship or connection between two or more things.
correlations:A mutual relationship or connection between two or more things.
correspond:Have a close similarity; match or agree almost exactly.
corresponded:Have a close similarity; match or agree almost exactly.
correspondence:A close similarity, connection, or equivalence.
correspondences:A close similarity, connection, or equivalence.
correspondent:A person who writes letters to a person or a newspaper, especially on a regular basis.
correspondents:A person who writes letters on a regular basis.
corresponding:Analogous or equivalent in character, form, or function; comparable.
corresponds:Have a close similarity; match or agree almost exactly.
corridor:A long passage in a building from which doors lead into rooms.
corridors:A long passage in a building from which doors lead into rooms.
corroborate:Confirm or give support to (a statement, theory, or finding)
corroborated:Confirm or give support to (a statement, theory, or finding)
corroborates:Confirm or give support to (a statement, theory, or finding)
corroborating:Confirm or give support to (a statement, theory, or finding)
corroboration:Evidence which confirms or supports a statement, theory, or finding; confirmation.
corrode:Destroy or damage (metal, stone, or other materials) slowly by chemical action.
corroded:Destroy or damage (metal, stone, or other materials) slowly by chemical action.
corrodes:Destroy or damage (metal, stone, or other materials) slowly by chemical action.
corroding:Destroy or damage (metal, stone, or other materials) slowly by chemical action.
corrosive:A corrosive substance.
corrugated:(of a material, surface, or structure) shaped into alternate ridges and grooves.
corrupt:Cause to act dishonestly in return for money or personal gain.
corrupted:Cause to act dishonestly in return for money or personal gain.
corrupting:Cause to act dishonestly in return for money or personal gain.
corruption:Dishonest or fraudulent conduct by those in power, typically involving bribery.
corruptions:Dishonest or fraudulent conduct by those in power, typically involving bribery.
corrupts:Cause to act dishonestly in return for money or personal gain.
corse:A corpse.
corset:A woman's tightly fitting undergarment extending from below the chest to the hips, worn to shape the figure.
corsets:A woman's tightly fitting undergarment extending from below the chest to the hips, worn to shape the figure.
corsica:A mountainous island off the western coast of Italy that forms an administrative region of France; population 273,000 (est. 2004); chief towns, Bastia (northern department) and Ajaccio (southern department). It was the birthplace of Napoleon I.
cortical:Relating to the outer layer of the cerebrum.
corticosteroid:Any of a group of steroid hormones produced in the adrenal cortex or made synthetically. There are two kinds: glucocorticoids and mineralocorticoids. They have various metabolic functions and some are used to treat inflammation.
corticosteroids:Any of a group of steroid hormones produced in the adrenal cortex or made synthetically. There are two kinds: glucocorticoids and mineralocorticoids. They have various metabolic functions and some are used to treat inflammation.
cortisol:another term for hydrocortisone
cortisone:A hormone produced by the adrenal cortex. One of the glucocorticoids, it is also made synthetically for use as an anti-inflammatory and anti-allergy agent.
cosier:Make (someone) feel comfortable or complacent.
cosiest:Make (someone) feel comfortable or complacent.
cosine:The trigonometric function that is equal to the ratio of the side adjacent to an acute angle (in a right-angled triangle) to the hypotenuse.
cosines:The trigonometric function that is equal to the ratio of the side adjacent to an acute angle (in a right-angled triangle) to the hypotenuse.
cosmetic:A product applied to the body, especially the face, to improve its appearance.
cosmetics:A preparation applied to the body, especially the face, to improve its appearance.
cosmic:Relating to the universe or cosmos, especially as distinct from the earth.
cosmological:Relating to the origin and development of the universe.
cosmonaut:A Russian astronaut.
cosmonauts:A Russian astronaut.
cosmopolitan:A cosmopolitan person.
cosmopolitans:A cosmopolitan person.
cossacks:A member of a people of Ukraine and southern Russia, noted for their horsemanship and military skill.
cosset:Care for and protect in an overindulgent way.
cosseted:Cared for and protected in an overindulgent way; pampered.
cossets:Care for and protect in an overindulgent way.
cost:(of an object or action) require the payment of (a specified sum of money) before it can be acquired or done.
costar:A leading actor or actress appearing in a movie, on stage, etc., with another or others of equal importance.
costars:Appear in a production as a co-star.
costed:(of an object or action) require the payment of (a specified sum of money) before it can be acquired or done.
costing:The proposed or estimated cost of producing or undertaking something.
costings:The proposed or estimated cost of producing or undertaking something.
costlier:Costing a lot; expensive.
costliest:Costing a lot; expensive.
costly:Costing a lot; expensive.
costs:(of an object or action) require the payment of (a specified sum of money) before it can be acquired or done.
costume:Dress (someone) in a particular set of clothes.
costumed:Dress (someone) in a particular set of clothes.
costumes:Dress (someone) in a particular set of clothes.
cosy:Make (someone) feel comfortable or complacent.
cot:A camp bed, particularly a portable, collapsible one.
coterie:A small group of people with shared interests or tastes, especially one that is exclusive of other people.
cots:Commercial off-the-shelf.
cottage:A small simple house, typically one near a lake or beach.
cottages:Perform homosexual acts in a public toilet.
cotton:A soft white fibrous substance that surrounds the seeds of a tropical and subtropical plant and is used as textile fiber and thread for sewing.
couch:Express (something) in language of a specified style.
couched:Express (something) in language of a specified style.
couches:Express (something) in language of a specified style.
couching:The process of treating a cataract by pushing the lens of the eye downward and backward, out of line with the pupil.
cougar:A large American wild cat with a plain tawny to grayish coat, found from Canada to Patagonia.
cough:Expel air from the lungs with a sudden sharp sound.
coughed:Expel air from the lungs with a sudden sharp sound.
coughing:Expel air from the lungs with a sudden sharp sound.
coughs:Expel air from the lungs with a sudden sharp sound.
could:Used to indicate possibility.Used in making polite requests.Used to indicate annoyance because of something that has not been done.Used to indicate a strong inclination to do something.
coulomb:The SI unit of electric charge, equal to the quantity of electricity conveyed in one second by a current of one ampere.
coulombs:The SI unit of electric charge, equal to the quantity of electricity conveyed in one second by a current of one ampere.
council:An advisory, deliberative, or legislative body of people formally constituted and meeting regularly.
councillor:A member of a council.
councillors:A member of a council.
councils:An advisory, deliberative, or administrative body of people formally constituted and meeting regularly.
counsel:Give advice to (someone)
counselled:Give advice to (someone)
counselling:The provision of professional assistance and guidance in resolving personal or psychological problems.
counsellor:A person trained to give guidance on personal or psychological problems.
counsellors:A person trained to give guidance on personal or psychological problems.
counsels:Give advice to (someone)
count:Determine the total number of (a collection of items)
countable:Able to be counted.
counted:Determine the total number of (a collection of items)
countenance:Admit as acceptable or possible.
countenanced:Admit as acceptable or possible.
countenances:Admit as acceptable or possible.
countenancing:Admit as acceptable or possible.
counter:A long flat-topped fixture in a store or bank across which business is conducted with customers.
counteract:Act against (something) in order to reduce its force or neutralize it.
counteracted:Act against (something) in order to reduce its force or neutralize it.
counteracting:Act against (something) in order to reduce its force or neutralize it.
counteracts:Act against (something) in order to reduce its force or neutralize it.
counterattack:An attack made in response to one by an enemy or opponent.
counterattacked:Attack in response.
counterattacks:Attack in response.
counterbalance:(of a weight) balance (another weight)
counterbalanced:(of a weight) balance (another weight)
counterbalancing:(of a weight) balance (another weight)
countered:A long flat-topped fitment across which business is conducted in a shop or bank or refreshments are served in a cafeteria.
counterfeit:Imitate fraudulently.
counterfeited:Imitate fraudulently.
counterfeiting:Imitate fraudulently.
counterfeits:Imitate fraudulently.
countering:A long flat-topped fitment across which business is conducted in a shop or bank or refreshments are served in a cafeteria.
counterintelligence:Activities designed to prevent or thwart spying, intelligence gathering, and sabotage by an enemy or other foreign entity.
counterintuitive:Contrary to intuition or to common-sense expectation (but often nevertheless true)
countermanded:Revoke or cancel (an order)
counterpane:A bedspread.
counterpart:A person or thing holding a position or performing a function that corresponds to that of another person or thing in another place.
counterparts:A person or thing that corresponds to or has the same function as another person or thing in a different place or situation.
counterrevolution:A revolution opposing a former one or reversing its results.
counterrevolutionary:A person who advocates or engages in a revolution that opposes a previous one or reverses its results.
counters:A long flat-topped fitment across which business is conducted in a shop or bank or refreshments are served in a cafeteria.
counties:A territorial division of some countries, forming the chief unit of local administration.
counting:Taking account of when reaching a total; including.
countless:Too many to be counted; very many.
countries:A nation with its own government, occupying a particular territory.
country:A nation with its own government, occupying a particular territory.
countryman:A person from the same country as someone else.
countrymen:A person from the same country as someone else.
countryside:The land and scenery of a rural area.
counts:Determine the total number of (a collection of items)
county:(in the US) a political and administrative division of a state, providing certain local governmental services.
coup:A sudden, violent, and illegal seizure of power from a government.
coupe:A car with a fixed roof, two doors, and a sloping rear.
couple:Combine.
coupled:Linked or connected in a pair or pairs.
couples:Link or combine (something) with something else.
couplet:Two lines of verse, usually in the same meter and joined by rhyme, that form a unit.
coupling:A device for connecting parts of machinery.
couplings:A device for connecting parts of machinery.
coupon:A voucher entitling the holder to a discount for a particular product.
coupons:(of a consumer) collect and use coupons or vouchers offering discounts on goods or services.
coups:A sudden, violent, and illegal seizure of power from a government.
courage:The ability to do something that frightens one.
courageous:Not deterred by danger or pain; brave.
courgette:A green variety of smooth-skinned summer squash; a zucchini.
courgettes:The immature fruit of a vegetable marrow, in particular one of a variety developed for harvesting and eating at an early stage of growth.
courier:Send or transport (goods or documents) by courier.
couriers:Send (goods or documents) by courier.
course:(of liquid) move without obstruction; flow.
coursebook:A textbook designed for use on a particular course of study.
coursed:(of liquid) move without obstruction; flow.
courses:(of liquid) move without obstruction; flow.
coursework:Written or practical work done by a student during a course of study, usually assessed in order to count toward a final mark or grade.
coursing:The sport of hunting game animals such as hares with greyhounds using sight rather than scent.
court:Be involved with romantically, typically with the intention of marrying.
courted:Be involved with (someone) romantically, with the intention of marrying.
courteous:Polite, respectful, or considerate in manner.
courtesies:The showing of politeness in one's attitude and behaviour towards others.
courtesy:The showing of politeness in one's attitude and behavior toward others.
courtier:A person who attends a royal court as a companion or adviser to the king or queen.
courtiers:A person who attends a royal court as a companion or adviser to the king or queen.
courting:Be involved with (someone) romantically, with the intention of marrying.
courtly:Very polite or refined, as befitting a royal court.
courts:Be involved with (someone) romantically, with the intention of marrying.
courtship:A period during which a couple develop a romantic relationship, especially with a view to marriage.
courtships:A period during which a couple develop a romantic relationship before getting married.
courtyard:An unroofed area that is completely or mostly enclosed by the walls of a large building.
courtyards:An unroofed area that is completely or partially enclosed by walls or buildings, typically one forming part of a castle or large house.
couscous:A type of North African semolina in granules made from crushed durum wheat.
cousin:A child of one's uncle or aunt.
couture:The design and manufacture of fashionable clothes to a client's specific requirements and measurements.
covalent:Relating to or denoting chemical bonds formed by the sharing of electrons between atoms.
covariance:The property of a function of retaining its form when the variables are linearly transformed.
covariances:The property of a function of retaining its form when the variables are linearly transformed.
cove:A small sheltered bay.
coven:A group or gathering of witches who meet regularly.
covenant:An agreement.
covenanted:Agree by lease, deed, or other legal contract.
covenanters:(in 17th-century Scotland) an adherent of the National Covenant (1638) or of the Solemn League and Covenant (1643), upholding the organization of the Scottish Presbyterian Church.
covenants:Agree by lease, deed, or other legal contract.
covens:A group or meeting of witches.
cover:Put something on top of or in front of (something), especially in order to protect or conceal it.
coverage:The extent to which something deals with or applies to something else.
coverages:The extent to which something deals with something else.
coveralls:A one-piece protective garment worn for heavy manual work; a boiler suit.
covered:Put something on top of or in front of (something), especially in order to protect or conceal it.
covering:A thing used to cover something else, typically in order to protect or conceal it.
coverings:A thing used to protect, decorate, or conceal something else.
coverlet:A bedspread, typically less than floor-length.
coverlets:A bedspread.
covers:Put something on top of or in front of (something), especially in order to protect or conceal it.
covert:A thicket in which game can hide.
coverts:A thicket in which game can hide.
coverup:An attempt to prevent people discovering the truth about a serious mistake or crime.
coves:A small sheltered bay.
covet:Yearn to possess or have (something)
coveted:Greatly desired or envied.
coveting:Yearn to possess (something, especially something belonging to another)
covetous:Having or showing a great desire to possess something belonging to someone else.
covets:Yearn to possess (something, especially something belonging to another)
cow:A fully grown female animal of a domesticated breed of ox, kept to produce milk or beef.
coward:A person who lacks the courage to do or endure dangerous or unpleasant things.
cowardice:Lack of bravery.
cowardly:In a way which shows a lack of courage.
cowards:A person who is contemptibly lacking in the courage to do or endure dangerous or unpleasant things.
cowboy:A man, typically one on horseback, who herds and tends cattle, especially in the western US and as represented in westerns and novels.
cowboys:Work as a cowboy.
cowed:A fully grown female animal of a domesticated breed of ox, kept to produce milk or beef.
cower:Crouch down in fear.
cowered:Crouch down in fear.
cowering:Crouch down in fear.
cowers:Crouch down in fear.
cowing:A fully grown female animal of a domesticated breed of ox, kept to produce milk or beef.
cowl:A large loose hood, especially one forming part of a monk's habit.
cowling:The removable cover of a vehicle or aircraft engine.
coworker:A person with whom one works, typically someone in a similar role or at a similar level within an organization.
cowriter:A person who writes something together with another person.
cowritten:Write (something) together with another person.
cows:A fully grown female animal of a domesticated breed of ox, kept to produce milk or beef.
cowshed:A farm building in which cattle are kept when not in a pasture, or in which they are milked.
cowsheds:A farm building in which cattle are kept when not at pasture, or in which they are milked.
cowslip:A European primula with clusters of drooping fragrant yellow flowers in spring, growing on dry grassy banks and in pasture.
cowslips:A European primula with clusters of drooping fragrant yellow flowers in spring, growing on dry grassy banks and in pasture.
cox:Act as a coxswain for (a racing boat or crew)
coxed:(of a racing boat or crew) having a coxswain.
coxes:Act as a coxswain for (a racing boat or crew)
coxing:Act as a coxswain for (a racing boat or crew)
coy:(especially with reference to a woman) making a pretense of shyness or modesty that is intended to be alluring.
coyly:In an outwardly shy or modest way that is intended to be alluring.
coyness:The quality of feigning shyness or modesty in an attempt to seem alluring.
coyote:A wild dog that resembles the wolf, native to North America.
cozier:Make (someone) feel comfortable or complacent.
crab:Move sideways or obliquely.
crabby:Irritable.
crabs:Move sideways or obliquely.
crack:Break or cause to break without a complete separation of the parts.
crackdown:Severe measures to restrict or discourage undesirable or illegal people or behavior.
crackdowns:A series of severe measures to restrict undesirable or illegal people or behaviour.
cracked:Damaged and showing lines on the surface from having split without coming apart.
cracking:Excellent.
crackle:Make a rapid succession of slight cracking noises.
crackled:Make a rapid succession of short sharp noises.
crackles:Make a rapid succession of short sharp noises.
crackling:The crisp, fatty skin of roast pork.
cracks:Break or cause to break without a complete separation of the parts.
cradle:Hold gently and protectively.
cradled:Hold gently and protectively.
cradles:Hold gently and protectively.
cradling:A wooden or iron framework, typically one used as a structural support in a ceiling.
craft:Exercise skill in making (something)
crafted:Exercise skill in making (an object), typically by hand.
craftier:Clever at achieving one's aims by indirect or deceitful methods.
craftiest:Clever at achieving one's aims by indirect or deceitful methods.
crafting:The activity or hobby of making decorative articles by hand.
crafts:Exercise skill in making (an object), typically by hand.
craftsman:A person who is skilled in a particular craft.
craftsmanship:Skill in a particular craft.
craftsmen:A worker skilled in a particular craft.
crafty:Clever at achieving one's aims by indirect or deceitful methods.
crag:A steep or rugged cliff or rock face.
craggy:(of a landscape) having many crags.
crags:A steep or rugged cliff or rock face.
cram:Completely fill (a place or container) to the point that it appears to be overflowing.
crammed:Completely fill (a place or container) to the point of overflowing.
crammer:A person or institution that prepares pupils for an examination intensively over a short period of time.
cramming:The fraudulent practice of adding unauthorized charges to a customer's phone bill.
cramp:Restrict or inhibit the development of.
cramped:Feeling or causing someone to feel uncomfortably confined or hemmed in by lack of space.
cramping:Inhibit the development of.
crampon:A metal plate with spikes fixed to a boot for walking on ice or rock climbing.
crampons:A metal plate with spikes fixed to a boot for walking on ice or rock climbing.
cramps:Inhibit the development of.
crams:Completely fill (a place or container) to the point of overflowing.
cran:A measure of fresh herrings, equivalent to 371/2 gallons.
cranberries:A small red acid berry used in cooking.
cranberry:A small red acid berry used in cooking.
crane:Stretch out one's body or neck in order to see something.
craned:Stretch out one's body or neck in order to see something.
cranes:Stretch out one's body or neck in order to see something.
cranial:Relating to the skull or cranium.
craning:Stretch out one's body or neck in order to see something.
cranium:The skull, especially the part enclosing the brain.
crank:Turn the crankshaft of (an internal combustion engine) in order to start the engine.
cranked:(of a shaft, bar, etc.) having a bend.
cranking:Turn the crankshaft of (an internal combustion engine) in order to start the engine.
cranks:Turn the crankshaft of (an internal combustion engine) in order to start the engine.
crankshaft:A shaft driven by a crank.
cranky:Ill-tempered; irritable.
crannies:A small, narrow space or opening.
cranny:A small, narrow space or opening.
crash:(of a vehicle) collide violently with an obstacle or another vehicle.
crashed:(of a vehicle) collide violently with an obstacle or another vehicle.
crashes:(of a vehicle) collide violently with an obstacle or another vehicle.
crashing:Complete; total (used for emphasis)
crass:Lacking sensitivity, refinement, or intelligence.
crasser:Showing no intelligence or sensitivity.
crate:Pack (something) in a crate for transportation.
crater:Form a crater in (the ground or a planet)
cratered:(of the ground or a planet) having large bowl-shaped cavities in the surface.
craters:Form a crater in (the ground or a planet)
crates:Pack (something) in a crate for transportation.
crave:Feel a powerful desire for (something)
craved:Feel a powerful desire for (something)
craven:A cowardly person.
craves:Feel a powerful desire for (something)
craving:A powerful desire for something.
cravings:A powerful desire for something.
crawl:(of a person) move forward on the hands and knees or by dragging the body close to the ground.
crawled:Move forward on the hands and knees or by dragging the body close to the ground.
crawling:Move forward on the hands and knees or by dragging the body close to the ground.
crawls:Move forward on the hands and knees or by dragging the body close to the ground.
crayon:Draw with a crayon or crayons.
craze:Make (someone) insane or wildly out of control.
crazed:Insane or wildly out of control.
crazes:Make (someone) insane or wildly out of control.
crazier:Extremely.
craziest:Extremely.
crazy:Extremely.
creak:(of an object or structure, typically a wooden one) make a harsh, high-pitched sound when being moved or when pressure or weight is applied.
creaked:(of an object or structure, typically a wooden one) make a harsh, high-pitched sound when being moved or when pressure or weight is applied.
creaking:Harsh, high-pitched noise made when something is being moved or when pressure or weight is applied to it.
creaks:(of an object or structure, typically a wooden one) make a harsh, high-pitched sound when being moved or when pressure or weight is applied.
cream:Work (two or more ingredients, typically butter and sugar) together to form a creamy paste.
creamed:(of food) prepared with cream or served in a cream sauce.
creamier:Resembling cream in consistency or colour.
creamiest:Resembling cream in consistency or colour.
creaming:Work (two or more ingredients, typically butter and sugar) together to form a creamy paste.
creams:Work (two or more ingredients, typically butter and sugar) together to form a creamy paste.
creamy:Resembling cream in consistency or color.
crease:Make a crease in (cloth or paper)
creased:Marked by creases or wrinkles.
creases:Make a crease in (cloth or paper)
creasing:Make a crease in (cloth or paper)
create:Bring (something) into existence.
created:Bring (something) into existence.
creates:Bring (something) into existence.
creating:Bring (something) into existence.
creation:The action or process of bringing something into existence.
creationist:A person who believes that the universe and living organisms originate from specific acts of divine creation, as in the biblical account.
creationists:A person who believes that the universe and living organisms originate from specific acts of divine creation, as in the biblical account.
creative:A person who is creative, typically in a professional context.
creatively:In an original or imaginative way.
creativity:The use of the imagination or original ideas, especially in the production of an artistic work.
creator:A person or thing that brings something into existence.
creators:A person or thing that brings something into existence.
creature:An animal, as distinct from a human being.
creatures:An animal, as distinct from a human being.
credence:Belief in or acceptance of something as true.
credibility:The quality of being trusted and believed in.
credible:Able to be believed; convincing.
credibly:In a believable and convincing way.
credit:Publicly acknowledge someone as a participant in the production of (something published or broadcast)
creditable:(of a performance, effort, or action) deserving public acknowledgment and praise but not necessarily outstanding or successful.
credited:Publicly acknowledge a contributor's role in the production of (something published or broadcast)
crediting:Publicly acknowledge a contributor's role in the production of (something published or broadcast)
credits:Publicly acknowledge a contributor's role in the production of (something published or broadcast)
creditworthiness:The extent to which a person or company is considered suitable to receive financial credit, often based on their reliability in paying money back in the past.
credo:A statement of the beliefs or aims which guide someone's actions.
credulity:A tendency to be too ready to believe that something is real or true.
credulous:Having or showing too great a readiness to believe things.
creed:A system of Christian or other religious belief; a faith.
creeds:A system of religious belief; a faith.
creek:A stream, brook, or minor tributary of a river.
creeks:A narrow, sheltered waterway, especially an inlet in a shoreline or channel in a marsh.
creep:Move slowly and carefully in order to avoid being heard or noticed.
creeper:Any plant that grows along the ground, around another plant, or up a wall by means of extending stems or branches.
creepers:Any plant that grows along the ground, around another plant, or up a wall by means of extending stems or branches.
creeping:(of a plant) growing along the ground or other surface by means of extending stems or branches.
creeps:Move slowly and carefully in order to avoid being heard or noticed.
creepy:Causing an unpleasant feeling of fear or unease.
crematoria:A place where a dead person's body is cremated.
crematorium:another term for crematory
creme:A substance or product with a thick, creamy consistency.
crenellated:(of a wall or building) having battlements.
crenellations:The battlements of a castle or other building.
creole:A person of mixed European and black descent, especially in the Caribbean.
creosote:Treat (wood) with creosote.
crepe:A light, thin fabric with a wrinkled surface.
crept:Move slowly and carefully in order to avoid being heard or noticed.
crescent:The curved sickle shape of the waxing or waning moon.
crescents:The curved sickle shape of the waxing or waning moon.
cress:A plant of the cabbage family, typically having small white flowers and pungent leaves. Some kinds are edible and are eaten raw as salad.
crest:Reach the top of (something such as a hill or wave)
crested:(of a bird or other animal) having a comb or tuft of feathers, fur, or skin on the head.
crestfallen:Sad and disappointed.
cresting:An ornamental decoration at the ridge of a roof or top of a wall or screen.
crests:Reach the top of (a hill or wave)
cretaceous:The last period of the Mesozoic era, between the Jurassic and Tertiary periods, or the system of rocks deposited during it.
cretan:A native or inhabitant of the Greek island of Crete.
cretans:A native or inhabitant of the Greek island of Crete.
crete:A Greek island in the eastern Mediterranean Sea; population 630,000 (est. 2005); capital, Heraklion. It is noted for the remains of the Minoan civilization that flourished here in the 2nd millennium BC. Crete played an important role in the Greek struggle for independence from the Turks in the late 19th and early 20th centuries that resulted in it becoming administratively part of an independent Greece in 1913.
crevasse:A deep open crack, especially one in a glacier.
crevasses:A deep open crack, especially one in a glacier.
crevice:A narrow opening or fissure, especially in a rock or wall.
crevices:A narrow opening or fissure, especially in a rock or wall.
crew:Provide (a craft or vehicle) with a group of people to operate it.
crewed:Provide (a craft or vehicle) with a group of people to operate it.
crewing:Provide (a craft or vehicle) with a group of people to operate it.
crews:Provide (a craft or vehicle) with a group of people to operate it.
crib:Copy (another person's work) illicitly or without acknowledgment.
cribbage:A card game for two to four players, in which the objective is to play so that the value of one's cards played reaches exactly 15 or 31.
cribbed:Copy (another person's work) illicitly or without acknowledgement.
cribbing:Copy (another person's work) illicitly or without acknowledgement.
cribs:Copy (another person's work) illicitly or without acknowledgement.
crick:Twist or strain (one's neck or back), causing painful stiffness.
cricket:An insect related to the grasshoppers. The male produces a characteristic rhythmical chirping sound.
cricketer:A person who plays cricket.
cricketers:A person who plays cricket.
cricketing:Relating to the playing of cricket.
cried:Shed tears, typically as an expression of distress, pain, or sorrow.
crier:An officer who makes public announcements in a court of justice.
cries:Shed tears, typically as an expression of distress, pain, or sorrow.
crim:A criminal.
crime:An action or omission that constitutes an offense that may be prosecuted by the state and is punishable by law.
crimea:A peninsula in Ukraine that lies between the Sea of Azov and the Black Sea. The Crimean War was fought here in the 1850s.
crimes:(especially in the army) charge with or find guilty of an offence.
criminal:A person who has committed a crime.
criminalisation:The action of turning an activity into a criminal offence by making it illegal.
criminalise:Turn (an activity) into a criminal offence by making it illegal.
criminalised:Turn (an activity) into a criminal offence by making it illegal.
criminalising:Turn (an activity) into a criminal offence by making it illegal.
criminals:A person who has committed a crime.
criminologist:An expert in the scientific study of crime and criminals.
criminologists:An expert in the scientific study of crime and criminals.
criminology:The scientific study of crime and criminals.
crimp:Compress (something) into small folds or ridges.
crimped:Compress (something) into small folds or ridges.
crimping:Compress (something) into small folds or ridges.
crimson:A rich deep red color inclining to purple.
cringe:Bend one's head and body in fear or in a servile manner.
cringed:Bend one's head and body in fear or apprehension or in a servile manner.
cringes:Bend one's head and body in fear or apprehension or in a servile manner.
cringing:Bent in fear or apprehension.
crinkle:Form small creases or wrinkles in the surface of something, especially the skin of the face as the result of a facial expression.
crinkled:Having small surface creases or wrinkles.
crinkling:Form into small surface creases or wrinkles.
crinkly:Full of creases or wrinkles; wrinkled.
crinoline:A stiffened or hooped petticoat worn to make a long skirt stand out.
cripple:Cause severe and disabling damage to; deprive of the ability to function normally.
crippled:Severely damaged or malfunctioning.
cripples:Cause severe and disabling damage to; deprive of the ability to function normally.
crippling:Causing a person to become unable to walk or move properly.
cripplingly:To an extent that causes a severe or almost insuperable problem (used to emphasize the extreme degree of something)
crises:A time of intense difficulty or danger.
crisis:A time of intense difficulty, trouble, or danger.
crisp:Give (something, especially food) a crisp surface by placing it in an oven or grill.
crisped:Give (food) a crisp surface by placing it in an oven or under a grill.
crisper:A compartment at the bottom of a refrigerator for storing fruit and vegetables.
crisps:Give (food) a crisp surface by placing it in an oven or under a grill.
crispy:(of food, typically cooked food) having a pleasingly firm, dry, and brittle surface or texture.
crisscrosses:Form a pattern of intersecting lines or paths on (a place)
criteria:A principle or standard by which something may be judged or decided.
criterion:A principle or standard by which something may be judged or decided.
critic:A person who expresses an unfavorable opinion of something.
critical:Expressing adverse or disapproving comments or judgments.
criticise:Indicate the faults of (someone or something) in a disapproving way.
criticised:Indicate the faults of (someone or something) in a disapproving way.
criticises:Indicate the faults of (someone or something) in a disapproving way.
criticising:Indicate the faults of (someone or something) in a disapproving way.
criticism:The expression of disapproval of someone or something based on perceived faults or mistakes.
criticisms:The expression of disapproval of someone or something on the basis of perceived faults or mistakes.
critics:A person who expresses an unfavourable opinion of something.
critique:Evaluate (a theory or practice) in a detailed and analytical way.
critiques:Evaluate (a theory or practice) in a detailed and analytical way.
critter:A living creature; an animal.
croak:A deep hoarse sound made by a frog or a crow.
croaked:(of a frog or crow) make a characteristic deep hoarse sound.
croaking:(of a frog or crow) make a characteristic deep hoarse sound.
croaks:(of a frog or crow) make a characteristic deep hoarse sound.
croatia:A country in southeastern Europe, formerly a constituent republic of Yugoslavia; population 4,200,000 (estimated 2015); language, Croatian; capital, Zagreb.
croatian:A native or inhabitant of Croatia, or a person of Croatian descent.
crochet:Make (a garment or piece of fabric) using crochet.
crock:An earthenware pot or jar.
crockery:Plates, dishes, cups, and other similar items, especially ones made of earthenware or china.
crocks:An earthenware pot or jar.
crocus:A small, spring-flowering plant of the iris family, which grows from a corm and bears bright yellow, purple, or white flowers.
crocuses:A small spring-flowering Eurasian plant of the iris family, which grows from a corm and bears bright yellow, purple, or white flowers.
croft:Farm (land) as a croft or crofts.
crofting:The practice or system of farming in crofts.
crofts:Farm (land) as a croft or crofts.
crone:An old woman who is thin and ugly.
cronies:A close friend or companion.
crony:A close friend or companion.
crook:Bend (something, especially a finger as a signal)
crooked:Bent or twisted out of shape or out of place.
crooking:Bend (something, especially a finger as a signal)
crooks:Bend (something, especially a finger as a signal)
croon:Hum or sing in a soft, low voice, especially in a sentimental manner.
crooned:Hum or sing in a soft, low voice, especially in a sentimental manner.
crooning:Hum or sing in a soft, low voice, especially in a sentimental manner.
croons:Hum or sing in a soft, low voice, especially in a sentimental manner.
crop:Cut (something, especially a person's hair) very short.
cropped:(especially of hair) cut very short.
cropping:Cut (something, especially a person's hair) very short.
crops:Cut (something, especially a person's hair) very short.
croquet:Drive away (an opponent's ball) by holding one's own ball against it and striking this with the mallet. A player is entitled to do this after their ball has struck an opponent's ball.
croqueted:Drive away (an opponent's ball) by holding one's own ball against it and striking this with the mallet. A player is entitled to do this after their ball has struck an opponent's.
croqueting:Drive away (an opponent's ball) by holding one's own ball against it and striking this with the mallet. A player is entitled to do this after their ball has struck an opponent's.
croquette:A small roll of chopped vegetables, meat, or fish, fried in breadcrumbs.
crores:Ten million; one hundred lakhs, especially of rupees, units of measurement, or people.
crosier:A hooked staff carried by a bishop as a symbol of pastoral office.
crosiers:A hooked staff carried by a bishop as a symbol of pastoral office.
cross:Go or extend across or to the other side of (a path, road, stretch of water, or area)
crossbred:(of an animal or plant) produced by mating or hybridizing two different species, breeds, or varieties.
crosschecking:The process of verifying figures or information by using an alternative source or method.
crossed:Go or extend across or to the other side of (an area, stretch of water, etc.)
crosses:Go or extend across or to the other side of (an area, stretch of water, etc.)
crossing:A place where two roads, two railroad lines, or a road and a railroad line cross.
crossings:A place where roads or railway lines cross.
crossover:A point or place of crossing from one side to the other.
crossovers:A point or place of crossing from one side to the other.
crosstalk:Unwanted transfer of signals between communication channels.
crosswind:A wind blowing across one's direction of travel.
crosswinds:A wind blowing across one's direction of travel.
crossword:A puzzle consisting of a grid of squares and blanks into which words crossing vertically and horizontally are written according to clues.
crosswords:A puzzle consisting of a grid of squares and blanks into which words crossing vertically and horizontally are written according to clues.
crotch:The part of the human body between the legs where they join the torso.
crotchet:A note having the time value of a quarter of a whole note or half a half note, represented by a large solid dot with a plain stem; a quarter note.
crotchety:Irritable.
crotchless:(of a garment) having a hole cut so as to leave the genitals uncovered.
crouch:Adopt a position where the knees are bent and the upper body is brought forward and down, sometimes to avoid detection or to defend oneself.
crouched:Adopt a position where the knees are bent and the upper body is brought forward and down, typically in order to avoid detection or to defend oneself.
crouches:Adopt a position where the knees are bent and the upper body is brought forward and down, typically in order to avoid detection or to defend oneself.
crouching:Adopt a position where the knees are bent and the upper body is brought forward and down, typically in order to avoid detection or to defend oneself.
croutons:A small piece of fried or toasted bread served with soup or used as a garnish.
crow:A large bird with mostly glossy black plumage, a heavy bill, and a raucous voice.
crowd:(of a number of people) fill (a space) almost completely, leaving little or no room for movement.
crowded:(of a space) full of people, leaving little or no room for movement; packed.
crowding:(of a number of people) fill (a space) almost completely, leaving little or no room for movement.
crowds:(of a number of people) fill (a space) almost completely, leaving little or no room for movement.
crowed:A large bird with mostly glossy black plumage, a heavy bill, and a raucous voice.
crowing:A large bird with mostly glossy black plumage, a heavy bill, and a raucous voice.
crown:Ceremonially place a crown on the head of (someone) in order to invest them as a monarch.
crowned:Ceremonially place a crown on the head of (someone) in order to invest them as a monarch.
crowning:Forming the triumphant culmination of an effort or endeavor.
crowns:Ceremonially place a crown on the head of (someone) in order to invest them as a monarch.
crows:A large bird with mostly glossy black plumage, a heavy bill, and a raucous voice.
crozier:A hooked staff carried by a bishop as a symbol of pastoral office.
croziers:A hooked staff carried by a bishop as a symbol of pastoral office.
crucial:Decisive or critical, especially in the success or failure of something.
crucified:Put (someone) to death by nailing or binding them to a cross, especially as an ancient punishment.
cruciform:A thing shaped like a cross.
crucify:Put (someone) to death by nailing or binding them to a cross, especially as an ancient punishment.
crucifying:Put (someone) to death by nailing or binding them to a cross, especially as an ancient punishment.
crude:Natural petroleum.
cruder:Natural mineral oil.
crudest:Natural mineral oil.
crudities:The quality of being rudimentary or makeshift; primitiveness.
crudity:The quality of being rudimentary or makeshift; primitiveness.
cruel:Willfully causing pain or suffering to others, or feeling no concern about it.
crueler:Spoil or ruin (an opportunity or a chance of success)
cruelest:Spoil or ruin (an opportunity or a chance of success)
crueller:Spoil or ruin (an opportunity or a chance of success)
cruellest:Spoil or ruin (an opportunity or a chance of success)
cruelties:Cruel behaviour or attitudes.
cruelty:Callous indifference to or pleasure in causing pain and suffering.
cruise:Sail about in an area without a precise destination, especially for pleasure.
cruised:Sail about in an area without a precise destination, especially for pleasure.
cruises:Sail about in an area without a precise destination, especially for pleasure.
cruising:The action of sailing about in an area without a precise destination, especially for pleasure.
crumb:Cover (food) with breadcrumbs.
crumbing:Cover (food) with breadcrumbs.
crumble:Break or fall apart into small fragments, especially over a period of time as part of a process of deterioration.
crumbled:Break or fall apart into small fragments, especially as part of a process of deterioration.
crumbles:Break or fall apart into small fragments, especially as part of a process of deterioration.
crumblier:An old person.
crumbliest:An old person.
crumbling:Breaking or falling apart into small fragments, especially as part of a process of deterioration.
crumbly:Consisting of or easily breaking into small fragments.
crumbs:Used to express dismay or surprise.
crumby:Like or covered in crumbs.
crummy:An old or converted truck used to transport loggers to and from work.
crumpet:A thick, flat, savory cake with a soft, porous texture, made from a yeast mixture cooked on a griddle and eaten toasted and buttered.
crumpets:A thick, flat, savoury cake with a soft, porous texture, made from a yeast mixture cooked on a griddle and eaten toasted and buttered.
crumple:Crush (something, typically paper or cloth) so that it becomes creased and wrinkled.
crumpled:Crushed to form creases and wrinkles.
crumples:Crush (something, typically paper or cloth) so that it becomes creased and wrinkled.
crumpling:Crush (something, typically paper or cloth) so that it becomes creased and wrinkled.
crunch:Crush (a hard or brittle foodstuff) with the teeth, making a loud but muffled grinding sound.
crunched:Crush (a hard or brittle foodstuff) with the teeth, making a loud but muffled grinding sound.
cruncher:A critical or vital point; a crucial or difficult question.
crunchers:A critical or vital point; a crucial or difficult question.
crunches:Crush (a hard or brittle foodstuff) with the teeth, making a loud but muffled grinding sound.
crunching:Crush (a hard or brittle foodstuff) with the teeth, making a loud but muffled grinding sound.
crusade:Each of a series of medieval military expeditions made by Europeans to recover the Holy Land from the Muslims in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries.A war instigated for alleged religious ends.
crusaded:Lead or take part in a vigorous campaign for social, political, or religious change.
crusader:A fighter in the medieval Crusades.
crusaders:A fighter in the medieval Crusades.
crusades:Lead or take part in a vigorous campaign for social, political, or religious change.
crusading:Vigorously campaigning on a social or political issue.
crush:Compress or squeeze forcefully so as to break, damage, or distort in shape.
crushed:Deformed, pulverized, or forced inwards by compression.
crushes:Compress or squeeze forcefully so as to break, damage, or distort in shape.
crushing:Causing overwhelming disappointment or embarrassment.
crust:The tough outer part of a loaf of bread.
crustal:Relating to or originating in the earth's crust.
crusted:Having or forming a hard top layer or covering.
crustier:A young person who is homeless or travels constantly, has a shabby appearance, and rejects conventional values.
crustiest:A young person who is homeless or travels constantly, has a shabby appearance, and rejects conventional values.
crusts:Form into a hard outer layer.
crusty:Having or acting as a hard outer layer or covering.
crutch:A long stick with a crosspiece at the top, used as a support under the armpit by a person with an injury or disability.
crux:The decisive or most important point at issue.
cry:Shed tears, typically as an expression of distress, pain, or sorrow.
crying:The shedding of tears.
cryogenic:Relating to or involving the branch of physics that deals with the production and effects of very low temperatures.
cryogenics:The branch of physics dealing with the production and effects of very low temperatures.
cryostat:An apparatus for maintaining a very low temperature.
crypt:An underground room or vault beneath a church, used as a chapel or burial place.
cryptanalyst:An expert in deciphering coded messages without prior knowledge of the key.
cryptic:Having a meaning that is mysterious or obscure.
cryptology:The study of codes, or the art of writing and solving them.
crypts:An underground room or vault beneath a church, used as a chapel or burial place.
crystal:A piece of a homogeneous solid substance having a natural geometrically regular form with symmetrically arranged plane faces.
crystallise:Form or cause to form crystals.
crystallised:Formed into crystals; having a crystalline form.
crystallises:Form or cause to form crystals.
crystallising:Form or cause to form crystals.
crystallography:The branch of science concerned with the structure and properties of crystals.
cub:The young of a fox, bear, lion, or other carnivorous mammal.
cuba:A country in the western West Indies, the largest and furthest west of the islands, in the Caribbean Sea at the mouth of the Gulf of Mexico; population 11,400,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Havana; official language, Spanish.
cuban:A native or inhabitant of Cuba, or a person of Cuban descent.
cubans:A native or inhabitant of Cuba, or a person of Cuban descent.
cube:Raise (a number or value) to its cube.
cubed:Raise (a number or value) to its cube.
cubes:Raise (a number or value) to its cube.
cubicle:A small partitioned-off area of a room, for example one containing a bed in a dwelling or one containing a desk in an office.
cubing:Raise (a number or value) to its cube.
cubism:An early 20th-century style and movement in art, especially painting, in which perspective with a single viewpoint was abandoned and use was made of simple geometric shapes, interlocking planes, and, later, collage.
cubit:An ancient measure of length, approximately equal to the length of a forearm. It was typically about 18 inches or 44 cm, though there was a long cubit of about 21 inches or 52 cm.
cubits:An ancient measure of length, approximately equal to the length of a forearm. It was typically about 18 inches or 44 cm, though there was a long cubit of about 21 inches or 52 cm.
cuboid:A solid which has six rectangular faces at right angles to each other.
cubs:Give birth to cubs.
cuckold:(of a man) make (another man) a cuckold by having a sexual relationship with his wife.
cucumber:A long, green-skinned fruit with watery flesh, usually eaten raw in salads or pickled.
cud:Partly digested food returned from the first stomach of ruminants to the mouth for further chewing.
cuddle:Hold close in one's arms as a way of showing love or affection.
cuddled:Hold close in one's arms as a way of showing love or affection.
cuddles:Hold close in one's arms as a way of showing love or affection.
cuddlier:Endearing and pleasant to cuddle, especially as a result of being soft or plump.
cuddliest:Endearing and pleasant to cuddle, especially as a result of being soft or plump.
cuddling:Hold close in one's arms as a way of showing love or affection.
cuddly:Endearing and pleasant to cuddle, especially as a result of being soft or plump.
cudgel:Beat with a cudgel.
cudgels:Beat with a cudgel.
cue:Give a cue to or for.
cued:Give a cue to or for.
cueing:Give a cue to or for.
cues:Give a cue to or for.
cuff:Secure with handcuffs.
cuffed:(of an item of clothing) having a section of the material at the end turned back, or a separate band sewn on.
cuffing:Secure with handcuffs.
cuffs:Secure with handcuffs.
cuing:Give a cue to or for.
cuirass:A piece of armor consisting of breastplate and backplate fastened together.
cuisine:A style or method of cooking, especially as characteristic of a particular country, region, or establishment.
culinary:Of or for cooking.
cull:Select from a large quantity; obtain from a variety of sources.
culled:(of an animal) selectively slaughtered.
culling:Reduction of a wild animal population by selective slaughter.
culls:Reduce the population of (a wild animal) by selective slaughter.
culminate:Reach a climax or point of highest development.
culminated:Reach a climax or point of highest development.
culminates:Reach a climax or point of highest development.
culminating:Reach a climax or point of highest development.
culmination:The highest or climactic point of something, especially as attained after a long time.
culpability:Responsibility for a fault or wrong; blame.
culpable:Deserving blame.
culprit:A person who is responsible for a crime or other misdeed.
culprits:A person who is responsible for a crime or other misdeed.
cult:A system of religious veneration and devotion directed toward a particular figure or object.
cultivar:A plant variety that has been produced in cultivation by selective breeding. Cultivars are usually designated in the style Taxus baccata ‘Variegata’.
cultivate:Prepare and use (land) for crops or gardening.
cultivated:Refined and well educated.
cultivates:Prepare and use (land) for crops or gardening.
cultivating:Prepare and use (land) for crops or gardening.
cultivation:The action of cultivating land, or the state of being cultivated.
cultivations:The action of cultivating land, or the state of being cultivated.
cults:A system of religious veneration and devotion directed towards a particular figure or object.
cultural:Relating to the ideas, customs, and social behavior of a society.
culture:Maintain (tissue cells, bacteria, etc.) in conditions suitable for growth.
cultured:Characterized by refined taste and manners and good education.
cultures:Maintain (tissue cells, bacteria, etc.) in conditions suitable for growth.
culturing:Maintain (tissue cells, bacteria, etc.) in conditions suitable for growth.
culvert:Channel (a stream or drain) through a culvert.
cumbersome:Large or heavy and therefore difficult to carry or use; unwieldy.
cumulative:Increasing or increased in quantity, degree, or force by successive additions.
cumulatively:In a way that increases in quantity, degree, or force by successive additions.
cumulus:Cloud forming rounded masses heaped on each other above a flat base at fairly low altitude.
cunnilingus:Stimulation of the female genitals using the tongue or lips.
cunning:Skill in achieving one's ends by deceit.
cunningly:In a clever and deceitful way.
cup:Form (one's hand or hands) into the curved shape of a cup.
cupboards:A recess or piece of furniture with a door and typically shelves, used for storage.
cupid:The god of love. He is represented as a naked winged boy with a bow and arrows, with which he wounds his victims.
cupidity:Greed for money or possessions.
cupped:Form (one's hand or hands) into the curved shape of a cup.
cupping:(in Chinese medicine) a therapy in which heated glass cups are applied to the skin along the meridians of the body, creating suction as a way of stimulating the flow of energy.
cups:Form (one's hand or hands) into the curved shape of a cup.
cur:An aggressive dog or one that is in poor condition, especially a mongrel.
curable:(of a disease or condition) able to be cured.
curare:A bitter, resinous substance obtained from the bark and stems of some South American plants. It paralyzes the motor nerves and is traditionally used by some Indian peoples to poison their arrows and blowpipe darts.
curate:A member of the clergy engaged as assistant to a vicar, rector, or parish priest.
curated:(of online content, merchandise, information, etc.) selected, organized, and presented using professional or expert knowledge.
curative:A medicine or remedy.
curator:A keeper or custodian of a museum or other collection.
curatorial:Relating to the selection and organization of a museum or other collection.
curators:A keeper or custodian of a museum or other collection.
curb:Restrain or keep in check.
curbed:Restrain or keep in check.
curbing:The concrete or stones collectively forming a curb.
curbs:Restrain or keep in check.
curd:A soft, white substance formed when milk sours, used as the basis for cheese.
curdle:Separate or cause to separate into curds or lumps.
curdled:Separate or cause to separate into curds or lumps.
curdles:Separate or cause to separate into curds or lumps.
curdling:Separate or cause to separate into curds or lumps.
cure:Relieve (a person or animal) of the symptoms of a disease or condition.
cured:Relieve (a person or animal) of the symptoms of a disease or condition.
cures:Relieve (a person or animal) of the symptoms of a disease or condition.
curfew:A regulation requiring people to remain indoors between specified hours, typically at night.
curia:The papal court at the Vatican, by which the Roman Catholic Church is governed. It comprises various Congregations, Tribunals, and other commissions and departments.
curial:Relating to the Curia, the papal court at the Vatican.
curie:A unit of radioactivity, corresponding to 3.7 × 10¹⁰ disintegrations per second.
curies:A unit of radioactivity, corresponding to 3.7 × 10¹⁰ disintegrations per second.
curing:Relieve (a person or animal) of the symptoms of a disease or condition.
curio:A rare, unusual, or intriguing object.
curiosities:A strong desire to know or learn something.
curiosity:A strong desire to know or learn something.
curious:Eager to know or learn something.
curiously:In a way that shows eagerness to know or learn something.
curl:Form or cause to form into a curved or spiral shape.
curled:Form or cause to form into a curved or spiral shape.
curlier:Made, growing, or arranged in curls or curves.
curliest:Made, growing, or arranged in curls or curves.
curling:A game played on ice, especially in Scotland and Canada, in which large round flat stones are slid across the surface toward a mark. Members of a team use brooms to sweep the surface of the ice in the path of the stone to control its speed and direction.
curls:Form or cause to form into a curved or spiral shape.
curly:Made, growing, or arranged in curls or curves.
curmudgeons:A bad-tempered person, especially an old one.
currant:A small dried fruit made from a seedless variety of grape originally grown in the eastern Mediterranean region, now widely produced in California, and much used in cooking.
currants:A small dried fruit made from a small seedless variety of grape originally grown in the eastern Mediterranean region and much used in cooking.
currencies:A system of money in general use in a particular country.
currency:A system of money in general use in a particular country.
current:A body of water or air moving in a definite direction, especially through a surrounding body of water or air in which there is less movement.
currently:At the present time.
currents:A body of water or air moving in a definite direction, especially through a surrounding body of water or air in which there is less movement.
curricula:The subjects comprising a course of study in a school or college.
curricular:Relating to the subjects comprising a course of study in a school or college.
curriculum:The subjects comprising a course of study in a school or college.
curried:(of food) prepared in or flavored with an Indian-style sauce of hot-tasting spices.
curry:Prepare or flavor (food) with a sauce of hot-tasting spices.
curs:An aggressive or unkempt dog, especially a mongrel.
curse:Invoke or use a curse against.
cursed:Used to express annoyance or irritation.
curses:Invoke or use a curse against.
cursing:Invoke or use a curse against.
cursive:Cursive writing.
cursor:A movable indicator on a computer screen identifying the point that will be affected by input from the user, for example showing where typed text will be inserted.
cursory:Hasty and therefore not thorough or detailed.
curt:Rudely brief.
curtail:Reduce in extent or quantity; impose a restriction on.
curtailed:Reduce in extent or quantity; impose a restriction on.
curtailing:Reduce in extent or quantity; impose a restriction on.
curtailment:The action or fact of reducing or restricting something.
curtailments:The action or fact of reducing or restricting something.
curtails:Reduce in extent or quantity; impose a restriction on.
curtain:Provide with a curtain or curtains.
curtained:Provided with a curtain or curtains.
curtaining:Provide with a curtain or curtains.
curtains:Provide with a curtain or curtains.
curtsey:Perform a curtsy.
curtseyed:Perform a curtsy.
curtseying:Perform a curtsy.
curtseys:Perform a curtsy.
curtsied:Perform a curtsy.
curtsies:Perform a curtsy.
curtsy:A woman's or girl's formal greeting made by bending the knees with one foot in front of the other.
curtsying:Perform a curtsy.
curvaceous:Having an attractively curved shape (used especially of a woman or a woman's figure)
curve:Form or cause to form a curve.
curved:Having the form of a curve; bent.
curves:Form or cause to form a curve.
curving:Form or cause to form a curve.
cushion:Soften the effect of an impact on.
cushioned:Covered by soft padding that provides comfortable support, especially for sitting or leaning on.
cushioning:Soften the effect of an impact on.
cushions:Soften the effect of an impact on.
cusp:A point of transition between two different states.
custard:A dessert or sweet sauce made with milk, eggs, and sugar.
custodian:A person who has responsibility for or looks after something.
custodians:A person who has responsibility for taking care of or protecting something.
custody:The protective care or guardianship of someone or something.
custom:A traditional and widely accepted way of behaving or doing something that is specific to a particular society, place, or time.
customarily:In a way which follows customs or usual practices; usually.
customary:another term for custumal
customer:A person or organization that buys goods or services from a store or business.
customers:A person who buys goods or services from a shop or business.
customisable:Able to be modified to suit a particular individual or task.
customisation:The action of modifying something to suit a particular individual or task.
customisations:The action of modifying something to suit a particular individual or task.
customs:The official department that administers and collects the duties levied by a government on imported goods.
cut:Make an opening, incision, or wound in (something) with a sharp-edged tool or object.
cutback:An act or instance of reducing something, typically expenditures.
cutbacks:An act or instance of reducing something, especially expenditure.
cute:Attractive in a pretty or endearing way.
cuteness:The quality of being attractive in a pretty or endearing way.
cutest:Attractive in a pretty or endearing way.
cuticle:A protective and waxy or hard layer covering the epidermis of a plant, invertebrate, or shell.
cuticles:The dead skin at the base of a fingernail or toenail.
cutlass:A short sword with a slightly curved blade, formerly used by sailors.
cutler:A person who makes or sells cutlery.
cutlet:A portion of sliced meat breaded and served either grilled or fried.
cutlets:A portion of meat, usually served grilled or fried and often covered in breadcrumbs.
cutout:A shape of a person or thing cut out of cardboard or another material.
cuts:Make an opening, incision, or wound in (something) with a sharp-edged tool or object.
cutters:A person or thing that cuts something.
cutthroat:A murderer or other violent criminal.
cutting:The action of cutting something.
cuttings:The action of cutting something.
cuttle:A cuttlefish.
cyan:A greenish-blue color which is one of the primary subtractive colors, complementary to red.
cyanide:A salt or ester of hydrocyanic acid, containing the anion CN⁻ or the group —CN. The salts are generally extremely toxic.
cyanogen:A colorless, flammable, highly poisonous gas made by oxidizing hydrogen cyanide. One of the pseudohalogens, cyanogen is an intermediate in fertilizer manufacture.
cycad:A palmlike plant of tropical and subtropical regions, bearing large male or female cones. Cycads were abundant during the Triassic and Jurassic eras, but have since been in decline.
cycads:A palmlike plant of tropical and subtropical regions, bearing large male or female cones. Cycads were abundant during the Triassic and Jurassic eras, but have since been in decline.
cycle:A series of events that are regularly repeated in the same order.
cycled:Ride a bicycle.
cycles:Ride a bicycle.
cycleway:A path or road for bicycles and not motor vehicles.
cycleways:A path or road for bicycles and not motor vehicles.
cyclical:Occurring in cycles; recurrent.
cycling:The sport or activity of riding a bicycle. Bicycle racing has three main forms: road racing (typically over long distances), track racing (on an oval track), and cyclocross (over rough, open country).
cyclist:A person who rides a bicycle.
cyclists:A person who rides a bicycle.
cycloid:A curve (resembling a series of arches) traced by a point on a circle being rolled along a straight line.
cyclone:A system of winds rotating inward to an area of low atmospheric pressure, with a counterclockwise (northern hemisphere) or clockwise (southern hemisphere) circulation; a depression.
cyclones:A system of winds rotating inwards to an area of low barometric pressure, with an anticlockwise (northern hemisphere) or clockwise (southern hemisphere) circulation; a depression.
cygnet:A young swan.
cygnets:A young swan.
cylinder:A solid geometric figure with straight parallel sides and a circular or oval cross section.
cymbal:A musical instrument consisting of a slightly concave round brass plate which is either struck against another one or struck with a stick to make a ringing or clashing sound.
cymbals:A musical instrument consisting of a slightly concave round brass plate which is either struck against another one or struck with a stick to make a ringing or clashing sound.
cynic:A person who believes that people are motivated purely by self-interest rather than acting for honorable or unselfish reasons.
cynical:Believing that people are motivated purely by self-interest; distrustful of human sincerity or integrity.
cynicism:An inclination to believe that people are motivated purely by self-interest; skepticism.
cynics:A person who believes that people are motivated purely by self-interest rather than acting for honourable or unselfish reasons.
cypher:Put (a message) into secret writing; encode.
cypress:An evergreen coniferous tree with small rounded woody cones and flattened shoots bearing small scale-like leaves.A cypress tree, or branches from it, as a symbol of mourning.Used in names of coniferous trees of other families that resemble the cypress, e.g., bald cypress.
cypresses:An evergreen coniferous tree with small rounded woody cones and flattened shoots bearing small scale-like leaves.A cypress tree, or branches from it, as a symbol of mourning.Used in names of coniferous trees of other families that resemble the cypress, e.g. swamp cypress.
cypriot:A native or inhabitant of Cyprus.
cypriots:A native or inhabitant of Cyprus.
cyprus:An island country in southeastern Europe, in the eastern Mediterranean Sea, about 50 miles (80 km) south of the Turkish coast; population 1,100,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Nicosia; official languages, Greek and Turkish.
cyst:In an animal or plant, a thin-walled, hollow organ or cavity containing a liquid secretion; a sac, vesicle, or bladder.
cysteine:A sulfur-containing amino acid which occurs in keratins and other proteins, often in the form of cystine, and is a constituent of many enzymes.
cystic:Relating to or characterized by cysts.
cystine:A compound which is an oxidized dimer of cysteine and is the form in which cysteine often occurs in organic tissue.
cystitis:Inflammation of the urinary bladder. It is often caused by infection and is usually accompanied by frequent painful urination.
cysts:A thin-walled hollow organ or cavity in an animal or plant, containing a liquid secretion; a sac, vesicle, or bladder.
cytochrome:Any of a number of compounds consisting of heme bonded to a protein. Cytochromes function as electron transfer agents in many metabolic pathways, especially cellular respiration.
cytoplasm:The material or protoplasm within a living cell, excluding the nucleus.
cytosine:A compound found in living tissue as a constituent base of nucleic acids. It is paired with guanine in double-stranded DNA.
cytotoxic:Toxic to living cells.
czech:A native or inhabitant of the Czech Republic or (formerly) Czechoslovakia, or a person of Czech descent.
czechs:A native or inhabitant of the Czech Republic or (formerly) Czechoslovakia, or a person of Czech descent.
dab:Press against (something) lightly with a piece of absorbent material in order to clean or dry it.
dabbed:Press against (something) lightly several times with a piece of absorbent material in order to clean or dry it or to apply a substance.
dabbing:The action or practice of inhaling small quantities of a concentrated and vaporized drug, typically cannabis oil or resin.
dabble:Immerse (one's hands or feet) partially in water and move them around gently.
dabbled:Immerse (one's hands or feet) partially in water and move them around gently.
dabbles:Immerse (one's hands or feet) partially in water and move them around gently.
dabbling:Immerse (one's hands or feet) partially in water and move them around gently.
dabs:Press against (something) lightly several times with a piece of absorbent material in order to clean or dry it or to apply a substance.
dace:A small freshwater fish of the minnow family, typically living in running water.
dacha:A country house or cottage in Russia, typically used as a second or vacation home.
dachau:A city in Bavaria in southwestern Germany, on the Amper River, near Munich, site of a Nazi concentration camp from 1933 until 1945; population 41,200 (est. 2007).
dad:One's father.
daddies:One's father.
daddy:One's father.
dado:The lower part of the wall of a room, below about waist height, if it is a different color or has a different covering than the upper part.
daemon:(in ancient Greek belief) a divinity or supernatural being of a nature between gods and humans.
daemons:(in ancient Greek belief) a divinity or supernatural being of a nature between gods and humans.
daffodils:A bulbous European plant which typically bears bright yellow flowers with a long trumpet-shaped centre (corona).
daft:Silly; foolish.
dafter:Silly; foolish.
daftest:Silly; foolish.
dagga:Marijuana.
dagger:A short knife with a pointed and edged blade, used as a weapon.
dailies:Every day.
daily:Every day.
daintier:Something good to eat; a delicacy.
daintiest:Something good to eat; a delicacy.
dainty:Something good to eat; a delicacy.
dairy:A building, room, or establishment for the storage, processing, and distribution of milk and milk products.
dairying:The business of producing, storing, and distributing milk and its products.
dairyman:A man who is employed in a dairy or sells dairy products.
dairymen:A man who is employed in a dairy or sells dairy products.
dais:A low platform for a lectern, seats of honor, or a throne.
daisies:A small European grassland plant which has flowers with a yellow disc and white rays.
daisy:A small grassland plant that has flowers with a yellow disk and white rays. It has given rise to many ornamental garden varieties.
dakar:The capital of Senegal, a port on the Atlantic coast of West Africa; population 2,604,000 (est. 2007).
dale:A valley, especially a broad one.
dales:A valley, especially in northern England.
dallas:A city in northeastern Texas, noted as a center of the oil industry; population 1,279,910 (est. 2008). President John F. Kennedy was assassinated here in November 1963.
dallied:Act or move slowly.
dally:Act or move slowly.
dallying:Act or move slowly.
dam:Build a dam across (a river or lake)
damage:Inflict physical harm on (something) so as to impair its value, usefulness, or normal function.
damaged:Inflict physical harm on (something) so as to impair its value, usefulness, or normal function.
damages:Inflict physical harm on (something) so as to impair its value, usefulness, or normal function.
damaging:Causing physical damage.
damascus:The capital of Syria since the country's independence in 1946; population 1,614,300 (est. 2009). It has existed as a city for over 4,000 years.
dame:(in the UK) the title given to a woman equivalent to the rank of knight.
dammed:Build a dam across (a river or lake)
damming:Build a dam across (a river or lake)
damn:Expressing anger, surprise, or frustration.
damnable:Extremely bad or unpleasant.
damnation:(in Christian belief) condemnation to eternal punishment in hell.
damned:Used for emphasis or to express anger or frustration.
damnify:Cause injury to.
damning:(of a circumstance or piece of evidence) strongly suggesting guilt or error.
damp:Make (something) slightly wet.
damped:Make (something) slightly wet.
dampen:Make slightly wet.
dampened:Make slightly wet.
dampening:Make slightly wet.
dampens:Make slightly wet.
damper:A person or thing that has a depressing, subduing, or inhibiting effect.
dampers:A person or thing that has a subduing or inhibiting effect.
dampest:Make (something) slightly wet.
damping:A decrease in the amplitude of an oscillation as a result of energy being drained from the system to overcome frictional or other resistive forces.
dampness:The state or condition of being slightly wet.
damps:Make (something) slightly wet.
dams:Build a dam across (a river or lake)
damsel:A young unmarried woman.
damsels:A young unmarried woman.
damson:A small purple-black fruit similar to the plum.
damsons:A small purple-black fruit similar to the plum.
dan:Any of ten degrees of advanced proficiency in judo or karate.
dance:Move rhythmically to music, typically following a set sequence of steps.
danced:Move rhythmically to music, typically following a set sequence of steps.
dancer:A person who dances or whose profession is dancing.
dancers:A person who dances or whose profession is dancing.
dances:Move rhythmically to music, typically following a set sequence of steps.
dancing:The activity of dancing for pleasure or in order to entertain others.
dandelion:A widely distributed weed of the daisy family, with a rosette of leaves, bright yellow flowers followed by globular heads of seeds with downy tufts, and stems containing a milky latex.
dandelions:A widely distributed weed of the daisy family, with a rosette of leaves and large bright yellow flowers followed by globular heads of seeds with downy tufts.
dandies:A man unduly concerned with looking stylish and fashionable.
dandy:A man unduly devoted to style, neatness, and fashion in dress and appearance.
dane:A native or inhabitant of Denmark, or a person of Danish descent.
danes:A native or inhabitant of Denmark, or a person of Danish descent.
danger:The possibility of suffering harm or injury.
dangerous:Able or likely to cause harm or injury.
dangle:Hang or swing loosely.
dangled:Hang or swing loosely.
dangles:Hang or swing loosely.
dangling:Hanging or swinging loosely.
daniel:A Hebrew prophet (6th century BC), who spent his life as a captive at the court of Babylon. In the biblical account, he interpreted the dreams of Nebuchadnezzar and was delivered by God from the lions' den into which he had been thrown as the result of a trick; in the apocryphal book of Susanna he is portrayed as a wise judge.
dank:Disagreeably damp, musty, and typically cold.
dankest:Unpleasantly damp and cold.
dante:(1265–1321), Italian poet; full name Dante Alighieri. He wrote The Divine Comedy (c.1309–20), an epic poem that describes his spiritual journey through Hell and Purgatory and finally to Paradise. His love for Beatrice Portinari is described in Vita nuova (c.1290–94).
danube:A river that rises in the Black Forest in southwestern Germany and flows for about 1,770 miles (2,850 km) into the Black Sea. It is the second longest river in Europe (after the Volga); the cities of Vienna, Budapest, and Belgrade are situated on its banks.
dapper:Neat and trim in dress and appearance (typically used of a man)
dapple:Mark with spots or rounded patches.
dappled:Marked with spots or rounded patches.
dapples:Mark with spots or rounded patches.
dare:Have the courage to do something.
dared:Have the courage to do something.
daredevil:A reckless person who enjoys doing dangerous things.
dares:Have the courage to do something.
daring:Adventurous courage.
dark:The absence of light in a place.
darken:Make or become dark or darker.
darkened:Having no light; made dark.
darkening:Make or become dark or darker.
darkens:Make or become dark or darker.
darker:The absence of light in a place.
darkest:The absence of light in a place.
darkness:The partial or total absence of light.
darkroom:A room from which normal light is excluded, used for developing photographs.
darkrooms:A room for developing photographs, in which normal light is excluded.
darling:Used as an affectionate form of address to a beloved person.
darlings:Used as an affectionate form of address to a beloved person.
darn:Mend (a hole in knitted material) by interweaving yarn with a needle.
darning:The skill or activity of mending a hole in knitted material by interweaving yarn.
darns:Mend (a hole in knitted material) by interweaving yarn with a needle.
dart:A small pointed missile that can be thrown or fired.
dartboard:A circular board marked with numbered segments, used as a target in the game of darts.
dartboards:A circular board marked with numbered segments, used as a target in the game of darts.
darted:Move or run somewhere suddenly or rapidly.
darter:another term for anhinga
darters:A long-necked fish-eating bird related to the cormorants, typically found in fresh water, where they frequently swim submerged to the neck.
darting:Move or run somewhere suddenly or rapidly.
darts:An indoor game in which small pointed missiles with feather or plastic flights are thrown at a circular target marked with numbers in order to score points.
darwin:The capital of Northern Territory, Australia; population 120,652 (2008).
dash:Run or travel somewhere in a great hurry.
dashboard:The panel facing the driver of a vehicle or the pilot of an aircraft, containing instruments and controls.
dashed:Used for emphasis.
dashes:Run or travel somewhere in a great hurry.
dashing:Attractive, adventurous, and full of confidence (typically used of a man)
dassie:A hyrax, especially the rock hyrax of southern Africa.
dassies:A hyrax (mammal), especially the rock hyrax of southern Africa.
dastardly:Wicked and cruel.
data:Facts and statistics collected together for reference or analysis.
database:A structured set of data held in a computer, especially one that is accessible in various ways.
datable:Able to be dated to a particular time.
date:Establish or ascertain the date of (an object or event)
dated:Marked with a date.
dateline:Mark (a dispatch or article) with a dateline.
dates:Establish or ascertain the date of (an object or event)
dating:Establish or ascertain the date of (an object or event)
dative:A noun or other word in the dative case.
daub:Coat or smear (a surface) with a thick or sticky substance in a carelessly rough or liberal way.
daubed:Carelessly coat or smear (a surface) with a thick or sticky substance.
daubing:Carelessly coat or smear (a surface) with a thick or sticky substance.
daughter:A girl or woman in relation to either or both of her parents.
daughters:A girl or woman in relation to either or both of her parents.
daunt:Make (someone) feel intimidated or apprehensive.
daunted:Make (someone) feel intimidated or apprehensive.
daunting:Seeming difficult to deal with in anticipation; intimidating.
dauntless:Showing fearlessness and determination.
daunts:Make (someone) feel intimidated or apprehensive.
dauphin:The eldest son of the King of France.
dauphins:The eldest son of the King of France.
david:(died c.962 BC), king of Judah and Israel c.1000–c.962 BC. In the biblical account, he killed the Philistine Goliath and, on Saul's death, became king, making Jerusalem his capital. He is traditionally regarded as the author of the Psalms, although this has been disputed.
dawdle:Waste time; be slow.
dawdled:Waste time; be slow.
dawdling:Waste time; be slow.
dawn:The first appearance of light in the sky before sunrise.
dawned:(of a day) begin.
dawning:Dawn.
dawns:(of a day) begin.
day:A period of twenty-four hours as a unit of time, reckoned from one midnight to the next, corresponding to a rotation of the earth on its axis.
daybreak:The time in the morning when daylight first appears; dawn.
daydream:A series of pleasant thoughts that distract one's attention from the present.
daydreaming:Indulge in a daydream.
daydreams:Indulge in a daydream.
daylight:The natural light of the day.
daylong:Of a day's duration; lasting all day.
days:Each of the twenty-four-hour periods, reckoned from one midnight to the next, into which a week, month, or year is divided, and corresponding to a rotation of the earth on its axis.
daze:Make (someone) unable to think or react properly; stupefy; bewilder.
dazed:Unable to think or react properly; bewildered.
dazing:(especially of an emotional or physical shock) make (someone) unable to think or react properly.
dazzle:(of a bright light) blind (a person) temporarily.
dazzled:(of a bright light) blind (a person or their eyes) temporarily.
dazzles:(of a bright light) blind (a person or their eyes) temporarily.
dazzling:Extremely bright, especially so as to blind the eyes temporarily.
deaconess:(in the early Church and some modern Churches) a woman with duties similar to those of a deacon.
deaconesses:(in the early Church and some modern Churches) a woman with duties similar to those of a deacon.
dead:Absolutely; completely.
deadbeat:An idle, feckless, or disreputable person.
deaden:Make (a noise or sensation) less intense.
deadened:Make (a noise or sensation) less strong or intense.
deadening:Causing a loss of force, vitality, or enthusiasm; stultifying.
deadens:Make (a noise or sensation) less strong or intense.
deadlier:In a way resembling or suggesting death; as if dead.
deadliest:In a way resembling or suggesting death; as if dead.
deadline:The latest time or date by which something should be completed.
deadlines:The latest time or date by which something should be completed.
deadlock:Cause (a situation or opposing parties) to come to a point where no progress can be made because of fundamental disagreement.
deadlocked:Cause (a situation or opposing parties) to come to a point where no progress can be made because of fundamental disagreement.
deadlocking:Cause (a situation or opposing parties) to come to a point where no progress can be made because of fundamental disagreement.
deadlocks:Cause (a situation or opposing parties) to come to a point where no progress can be made because of fundamental disagreement.
deadly:In a way resembling or suggesting death; as if dead.
deadpan:In a deadpan manner.
deaf:Lacking the power of hearing or having impaired hearing.
deafen:Cause (someone) to lose the power of hearing permanently or temporarily.
deafened:Cause (someone) to lose the power of hearing permanently or temporarily.
deafening:(of a noise) so loud as to make it impossible to hear anything else.
deafens:Cause (someone) to lose the power of hearing permanently or temporarily.
deafer:Lacking the power of hearing or having impaired hearing.
deafest:Lacking the power of hearing or having impaired hearing.
deafness:The condition of lacking the power of hearing or having impaired hearing.
deal:Distribute (cards) in an orderly rotation to players for a game or round.
dealer:A person or business that buys and sells goods.
dealers:A person who buys and sells goods.
dealership:An establishment authorized to buy and sell specific goods, especially motor vehicles.
dealerships:An establishment authorized to buy and sell specific goods, especially motor vehicles.
dealing:A business relation or transaction.
dealings:Business relations or transactions.
deals:Distribute (cards) in an orderly rotation to players for a game or round.
dealt:Distribute (cards) in an orderly rotation to players for a game or round.
dean:The head of a college or university faculty or department.
deanery:The group of parishes presided over by a rural dean.
deans:The head of the chapter of a cathedral or collegiate church.
dear:Used as an affectionate or friendly form of address.
dearer:Used as an affectionate or friendly form of address.
dearest:Used as an affectionate form of address to a much-loved person.
dearly:Very much.
dears:Used as an affectionate or friendly form of address.
dearth:A scarcity or lack of something.
death:The action or fact of dying or being killed; the end of the life of a person or organism.
deathbed:The bed where someone is dying or has died.
deathless:Living or lasting forever; immortal.
deathly:Resembling or suggestive of death.
deaths:The action or fact of dying or being killed; the end of the life of a person or organism.
debacle:A sudden and ignominious failure; a fiasco.
debacles:A sudden and ignominious failure; a fiasco.
debar:Exclude or prohibit (someone) officially from doing something.
debarred:Exclude or prohibit (someone) officially from doing something.
debars:Exclude or prohibit (someone) officially from doing something.
debase:Reduce (something) in quality or value; degrade.
debased:Reduced in quality or value.
debasing:Reduce (something) in quality or value; degrade.
debatable:Open to discussion or argument.
debate:Argue about (a subject), especially in a formal manner.
debated:Argue about (a subject), especially in a formal manner.
debaters:A person who argues about a subject, especially in a formal manner.
debates:Argue about (a subject), especially in a formal manner.
debating:Argue about (a subject), especially in a formal manner.
debauch:Destroy or debase the moral purity of; corrupt.
debauched:Indulging in or characterized by sensual pleasures to a degree perceived to be morally harmful; dissolute.
debauchery:Excessive indulgence in sensual pleasures.
debilitate:Make (someone) weak and infirm.
debilitated:In a very weakened and infirm state.
debilitating:(of a disease or condition) making someone very weak and infirm.
debility:Physical weakness, especially as a result of illness.
debit:(of a bank or other financial organization) remove (an amount of money) from a customer's account, typically as payment for services or goods.
debonair:Confident, stylish, and charming (typically used of a man)
debone:Remove the bones from (meat, poultry, or fish), especially before cooking.
deboned:(of meat, poultry, or fish) having had its bones removed, especially before cooking.
debones:Remove the bones from (meat, poultry, or fish), especially before cooking.
debrief:Question (someone, typically a soldier or spy) about a completed mission or undertaking.
debriefed:Question (someone, typically a soldier or spy) about a completed mission or undertaking.
debriefing:A meeting to question someone, typically a soldier or spy, about a completed mission or undertaking.
debris:Scattered pieces of waste or remains.
debt:Something, typically money, that is owed or due.
debtor:A person or institution that owes a sum of money.
debtors:A person, country, or organization that owes money.
debts:A sum of money that is owed or due.
debugger:A computer program that assists in the detection and correction of errors in other computer programs.
debuggers:A computer program that assists in the detection and correction of errors in other computer programs.
debunk:Expose the falseness or hollowness of (a myth, idea, or belief)
debunks:Expose the falseness or hollowness of (an idea or belief)
debut:Perform in public for the first time.
debutant:A person making a first appearance in a career or in fashionable society.
debutants:A man making his first public appearance, especially in sport.
debuts:Perform in public for the first time.
decade:A period of ten years.
decadence:Moral or cultural decline as characterized by excessive indulgence in pleasure or luxury.
decadent:A person who is luxuriously self-indulgent.
decades:A period of ten years.
decaf:Decaffeinated coffee.
decaffeinate:Remove most or all of the caffeine from (coffee or tea)
decaffeinated:(of coffee or tea) having had most or all of the caffeine removed.
decamp:Depart suddenly or secretly, especially to relocate one's business or household in another area.
decamped:Leave a place suddenly or secretly.
decant:Gradually pour (liquid, typically wine or a solution) from one container into another, especially without disturbing the sediment.
decanted:Gradually pour (wine, port, or another liquid) from one container into another, typically in order to separate out sediment.
decanting:Gradually pour (wine, port, or another liquid) from one container into another, typically in order to separate out sediment.
decants:Gradually pour (wine, port, or another liquid) from one container into another, typically in order to separate out sediment.
decapitate:Cut off the head of (a person or animal)
decapitated:(of a person or animal) having had the head cut off.
decapitates:Cut off the head of (someone)
decapitating:Cut off the head of (someone)
decathlon:An athletic event taking place over two days, in which each competitor takes part in the same prescribed ten events (100-meter dash, long jump, shot put, high jump, 400-meter dash, 110-meter hurdles, discus, pole vault, javelin, and 1,500-meter run).
decay:(of organic matter) rot or decompose through the action of bacteria and fungi.
decayed:Having rotted or decomposed.
decaying:Rotting or decomposing through the action of bacteria and fungi.
decays:(of organic matter) rot or decompose through the action of bacteria and fungi.
decease:Death.
deceased:A person who has died.
deceases:Die.
deceit:The action or practice of deceiving someone by concealing or misrepresenting the truth.
deceitful:Guilty of or involving deceit; deceiving or misleading others.
deceits:The action or practice of deceiving someone by concealing or misrepresenting the truth.
deceive:(of a person) cause (someone) to believe something that is not true, typically in order to gain some personal advantage.
deceived:Deliberately cause (someone) to believe something that is not true, especially for personal gain.
deceives:Deliberately cause (someone) to believe something that is not true, especially for personal gain.
deceiving:Deliberately cause (someone) to believe something that is not true, especially for personal gain.
decelerate:Reduce or cause to reduce in speed.
decelerated:Reduce or cause to reduce in speed.
decelerates:Reduce or cause to reduce in speed.
decelerating:Reduce or cause to reduce in speed.
december:The twelfth month of the year, in the northern hemisphere usually considered the first month of winter.
decency:Behavior that conforms to accepted standards of morality or respectability.
decent:Conforming with generally accepted standards of respectable or moral behavior.
decently:In a way that conforms with generally accepted standards of respectable or moral behavior.
deception:The action of deceiving someone.
deceptions:The action of deceiving someone.
deceptive:Giving an appearance or impression different from the true one; misleading.
decibel:A unit used to measure the intensity of a sound or the power level of an electrical signal by comparing it with a given level on a logarithmic scale.
decibels:A unit used to measure the intensity of a sound or the power level of an electrical signal by comparing it with a given level on a logarithmic scale.
decidability:The property of a statement, formula, etc., being decidable.
decide:Come to a resolution in the mind as a result of consideration.
decided:(of a quality) definite; unquestionable.
decidedly:Undoubtedly; undeniably.
decider:A game, goal, point, etc. that settles a contest or series of contests.
decides:Come or bring to a resolution in the mind as a result of consideration.
deciding:Serving to resolve or settle something.
decile:Each of ten equal groups into which a population can be divided according to the distribution of values of a particular variable.
deciles:Each of ten equal groups into which a population can be divided according to the distribution of values of a particular variable.
decilitre:A metric unit of capacity, equal to one tenth of a litre.
decimal:A fraction whose denominator is a power of ten and whose numerator is expressed by figures placed to the right of a decimal point.
decimalise:Convert (a system of coinage or weights and measures) to a decimal system.
decimetres:A metric unit of length, equal to one tenth of a metre.
decipher:Convert (a text written in code, or a coded signal) into normal language.
deciphered:Convert (a text written in code, or a coded signal) into normal language.
deciphering:Convert (a text written in code, or a coded signal) into normal language.
decision:A conclusion or resolution reached after consideration.
decisions:A conclusion or resolution reached after consideration.
decisive:Settling an issue; producing a definite result.
deck:Decorate or adorn brightly or festively.
deckchair:A folding chair of wood and canvas, typically used by the sea or on the deck of passenger ships.
deckchairs:A folding chair of wood and canvas, typically used by the sea or on the deck of passenger ships.
decked:(of a vessel, vehicle, or other structure) having a number of floors or decks.
decking:The material of the deck of a ship.
decks:Decorate or adorn brightly or festively.
declaim:Utter or deliver words or a speech in a rhetorical or impassioned way, as if to an audience.
declaimed:Utter or deliver words in a rhetorical or impassioned way, as if to an audience.
declaiming:Utter or deliver words in a rhetorical or impassioned way, as if to an audience.
declaims:Utter or deliver words in a rhetorical or impassioned way, as if to an audience.
declamation:The action or art of declaiming.
declamatory:Vehement or impassioned in expression.
declaration:A formal or explicit statement or announcement.
declarations:A formal or explicit statement or announcement.
declare:Say something in a solemn and emphatic manner.
declared:Openly or formally asserted or announced.
declarer:The player whose bid establishes the suit of the contract and who must therefore play both their own hand and the exposed hand of the dummy.
declarers:The player whose bid establishes the suit of the contract and who must therefore play both their own hand and the exposed hand of the dummy.
declares:Say something in a solemn and emphatic manner.
declaring:Say something in a solemn and emphatic manner.
decline:(typically of something regarded as good) become smaller, fewer, or less; decrease.
declined:(typically of something regarded as good) become smaller, fewer, or less; decrease.
declines:(typically of something regarded as good) become smaller, fewer, or less; decrease.
declining:Becoming smaller, fewer, or less; decreasing.
declivity:A downward slope.
decode:Convert (a coded message) into intelligible language.
decoded:Convert (a coded message) into intelligible language.
decodes:Convert (a coded message) into intelligible language.
decoding:Convert (a coded message) into intelligible language.
decoke:Remove carbon or carbonaceous material from (an internal combustion engine).
decolonisation:The action or process of a state withdrawing from a former colony, leaving it independent.
decommissioned:Withdraw (something, especially weapons or military equipment) from service.
decompose:(with reference to a dead body or other organic matter) make or become rotten; decay or cause to decay.
decomposed:(with reference to a dead body or other organic matter) make or become rotten; decay or cause to decay.
decomposes:(with reference to a dead body or other organic matter) make or become rotten; decay or cause to decay.
decomposing:(of organic matter) in the process of decaying.
decomposition:The state or process of rotting; decay.
decompositions:The state or process of rotting; decay.
decompress:Relieve or reduce the pressure on (something).
decompression:Reduction in air pressure.
decongestants:A decongestant medicine.
deconstruction:A method of critical analysis of philosophical and literary language which emphasizes the internal workings of language and conceptual systems, the relational quality of meaning, and the assumptions implicit in forms of expression.
decontaminated:Neutralize or remove dangerous substances, radioactivity, or germs from (an area, object, or person)
decontaminating:Neutralize or remove dangerous substances, radioactivity, or germs from (an area, object, or person)
deconvolution:A process of resolving something into its constituent elements or removing complication in order to clarify it.
decor:The furnishing and decoration of a room.
decorate:Make (something) look more attractive by adding extra items or images to it.
decorated:Denoting a stage of English Gothic church architecture typical of the 14th century (between Early English and Perpendicular), with increasing use of decoration and geometric, curvilinear, and reticulated tracery.
decorates:Make (something) look more attractive by adding extra items or images to it.
decorating:Make (something) look more attractive by adding extra items or images to it.
decoration:The process or art of decorating or adorning something.
decorative:Serving to make something look more attractive; ornamental.
decorators:A person who decorates something.
decorous:In keeping with good taste and propriety; polite and restrained.
decors:The furnishing and decoration of a room.
decorum:Behavior in keeping with good taste and propriety.
decouple:Separate, disengage, or dissociate (something) from something else.
decoupled:Separate, disengage, or dissociate (something) from something else.
decoupling:Separate, disengage, or dissociate (something) from something else.
decoy:Lure or entice (a person or animal) away from an intended course, typically into a trap.
decoyed:Lure or entice (a person or animal) away from their intended course, typically into a trap.
decoying:Lure or entice (a person or animal) away from their intended course, typically into a trap.
decoys:Lure or entice (a person or animal) away from their intended course, typically into a trap.
decrease:Make or become smaller or fewer in size, amount, intensity, or degree.
decreased:Make or become smaller or fewer in size, amount, intensity, or degree.
decreases:Make or become smaller or fewer in size, amount, intensity, or degree.
decreasing:The action or process of making or becoming smaller or fewer.
decree:Order (something) by decree.
decreed:Order (something) by decree.
decreeing:Order (something) by decree.
decrees:Order (something) by decree.
decrepit:(of a person) elderly and infirm.
decrepitude:The state of being decrepit.
decried:Publicly denounce.
decries:Publicly denounce.
decriminalisation:The action or process of ceasing to treat something as illegal or as a criminal offence.
decry:Publicly denounce.
decrying:Publicly denounce.
dedicate:Devote (time, effort, or oneself) to a particular task or purpose.
dedicated:(of a person) devoted to a task or purpose; having single-minded loyalty or integrity.
dedicates:Devote (time or effort) to a particular task or purpose.
dedicating:Devote (time or effort) to a particular task or purpose.
dedication:The quality of being dedicated or committed to a task or purpose.
deduce:Arrive at (a fact or a conclusion) by reasoning; draw as a logical conclusion.
deduced:Arrive at (a fact or a conclusion) by reasoning; draw as a logical conclusion.
deduces:Arrive at (a fact or a conclusion) by reasoning; draw as a logical conclusion.
deducing:Arrive at (a fact or a conclusion) by reasoning; draw as a logical conclusion.
deduct:Subtract or take away (an amount or part) from a total.
deducted:Subtract or take away (an amount or part) from a total.
deducting:Subtract or take away (an amount or part) from a total.
deduction:The action of deducting or subtracting something.
deducts:Subtract or take away (an amount or part) from a total.
dee:A river in northeastern Scotland that rises in the Grampian Mountains and flows east past Balmoral Castle to the North Sea at Aberdeen.
deed:Convey or transfer (property or rights) by legal deed.
deeds:Convey or transfer (property or rights) by legal deed.
deem:Regard or consider in a specified way.
deemed:Regard or consider in a specified way.
deeming:Regard or consider in a specified way.
deems:Regard or consider in a specified way.
deep:Far down or in; deeply.
deepen:Make or become deep or deeper.
deepened:Make or become deep or deeper.
deepening:Becoming deeper.
deepens:Make or become deep or deeper.
deeper:Far down or in; deeply.
deepest:Far down or in; deeply.
deeply:Far down or in.
deer:A hoofed grazing or browsing animal, with branched bony antlers that are shed annually and typically borne only by the male.
deface:Spoil the surface or appearance of (something), for example by drawing or writing on it.
defaced:Spoil the surface or appearance of (something), for example by drawing or writing on it.
defaces:Spoil the surface or appearance of (something), for example by drawing or writing on it.
defacing:Spoil the surface or appearance of (something), for example by drawing or writing on it.
defamation:The action of damaging the good reputation of someone; slander or libel.
defamatory:(of remarks, writing, etc.) damaging the good reputation of someone; slanderous or libelous.
defame:Damage the good reputation of (someone); slander or libel.
defamed:Damage the good reputation of (someone); slander or libel.
defames:Damage the good reputation of (someone); slander or libel.
defaming:Damage the good reputation of (someone); slander or libel.
default:Failure to fulfill an obligation, especially to repay a loan or appear in a court of law.
defaulted:Fail to fulfil an obligation, especially to repay a loan or to appear in a law court.
defaulter:A person who fails to fulfill a duty, obligation, or undertaking, especially to pay a debt.
defaulters:A person who fails to fulfil a duty, obligation, or undertaking.
defaulting:Fail to fulfil an obligation, especially to repay a loan or to appear in a law court.
defaults:Fail to fulfil an obligation, especially to repay a loan or to appear in a law court.
defeat:Win a victory over (someone) in a battle or other contest; overcome or beat.
defeated:Having been beaten in a battle or other contest.
defeater:A person or thing that defeats or conquers someone or something.
defeating:Win a victory over (someone) in a battle or other contest; overcome or beat.
defeatist:A person who expects or is excessively ready to accept failure.
defeats:Win a victory over (someone) in a battle or other contest; overcome or beat.
defecate:Discharge feces from the body.
defecating:Discharge faeces from the body.
defect:A shortcoming, imperfection, or lack.
defected:A shortcoming, imperfection, or lack.
defecting:A shortcoming, imperfection, or lack.
defection:The desertion of one's country or cause in favor of an opposing one.
defections:The desertion of one's country or cause in favour of an opposing one.
defective:A person with mental disabilities.
defectives:A person with mental disabilities.
defector:A person who has abandoned their country or cause in favor of an opposing one.
defectors:A person who has abandoned their country or cause in favour of an opposing one.
defects:A shortcoming, imperfection, or lack.
defence:The action of defending from or resisting attack.
defenceless:Without defence or protection; totally vulnerable.
defences:The action of defending from or resisting attack.
defend:Resist an attack made on (someone or something); protect from harm or danger.
defendant:An individual, company, or institution sued or accused in a court of law.
defendants:An individual, company, or institution sued or accused in a court of law.
defended:Resist an attack made on (someone or something); protect from harm or danger.
defender:A person who defends someone or something.
defenders:A person who defends someone or something.
defending:Resisting an attack made on someone or something; protecting from harm or danger.
defends:Resist an attack made on (someone or something); protect from harm or danger.
defenestrate:Throw (someone) out of a window.
defenestrated:Throw (someone) out of a window.
defenestration:The action of throwing someone out of a window.
defenses:The action of defending from or resisting attack.
defensible:Justifiable by argument.
defensive:Used or intended to defend or protect.
defensiveness:The quality of being anxious to challenge or avoid criticism.
defer:Put off (an action or event) to a later time; postpone.
deference:Humble submission and respect.
deferential:Showing deference; respectful.
deferment:The action or fact of putting something off to a later time; postponement.
deferred:Put off (an action or event) to a later time; postpone.
deferring:Put off (an action or event) to a later time; postpone.
defers:Put off (an action or event) to a later time; postpone.
defiance:Open resistance; bold disobedience.
defiant:Showing defiance.
defiantly:In a manner that shows open resistance or bold disobedience.
defibrillator:An apparatus used to control heart fibrillation by application of an electric current to the chest wall or heart.
defibrillators:An apparatus used to control heart fibrillation by application of an electric current to the chest wall or heart.
deficiencies:A lack or shortage.
deficiency:A lack or shortage.
deficient:Not having enough of a specified quality or ingredient.
deficit:The amount by which something, especially a sum of money, is too small.
deficits:The amount by which something, especially a sum of money, is too small.
defied:Openly resist or refuse to obey.
defies:Openly resist or refuse to obey.
defile:Sully, mar, or spoil.
defiled:Damage the purity or appearance of; mar or spoil.
defilement:The action of defiling or the state of being defiled.
defiles:Damage the purity or appearance of; mar or spoil.
defiling:Damage the purity or appearance of; mar or spoil.
definable:Able to be defined.
define:State or describe exactly the nature, scope, or meaning of.
defined:Having a definite outline or specification; precisely marked or stated.
defines:State or describe exactly the nature, scope, or meaning of.
defining:State or describe exactly the nature, scope, or meaning of.
definite:Clearly stated or decided; not vague or doubtful.
definitely:Without doubt (used for emphasis)
definition:A statement of the exact meaning of a word, especially in a dictionary.
definitional:Relating to the exact meaning of a word or concept.
definitions:A statement of the exact meaning of a word, especially in a dictionary.
definitive:A definitive postage stamp.
deflate:Let air or gas out of (a tire, balloon, or similar object)
deflated:Having been emptied of air or gas.
deflates:Let air or gas out of (a tyre, balloon, or similar object)
deflating:Let air or gas out of (a tyre, balloon, or similar object)
deflationary:Of, characterized by, or tending to cause economic deflation.
deflect:Cause (something) to change direction by interposing something; turn aside from a straight course.
deflected:Cause (something) to change direction; turn aside from a straight course.
deflecting:Cause (something) to change direction; turn aside from a straight course.
deflection:The action or process of deflecting or being deflected.
deflections:The action or process of deflecting or being deflected.
deflector:A device that deflects something.
deflectors:A device that deflects something.
deflects:Cause (something) to change direction; turn aside from a straight course.
deforested:Clear (an area) of forests or trees.
deform:Distort the shape or form of; make misshapen.
deformation:The action or process of changing in shape or distorting, especially through the application of pressure.
deformed:(of a person or part of the body) not having the normal or natural shape or form; misshapen.
deforming:Distort the shape or form of; make misshapen.
deformities:A deformed part, especially of the body; a malformation.
deformity:A deformed part, especially of the body; a malformation.
deforms:Distort the shape or form of; make misshapen.
defraud:Illegally obtain money from (someone) by deception.
defrauded:Illegally obtain money from (someone) by deception.
defrauding:Illegally obtain money from (someone) by deception.
defrauds:Illegally obtain money from (someone) by deception.
defray:Provide money to pay (a cost or expense)
defrayed:Provide money to pay (a cost or expense)
defrost:Free (the interior of a refrigerator or freezer) of accumulated ice, usually by turning it off for a period.
deft:Neatly skillful and quick in one's movements.
defter:Neatly skilful and quick in one's movements.
defunct:No longer existing or functioning.
defuse:Remove the fuse from (an explosive device) in order to prevent it from exploding.
defused:Remove the fuse from (an explosive device) in order to prevent it from exploding.
defuses:Remove the fuse from (an explosive device) in order to prevent it from exploding.
defusing:Remove the fuse from (an explosive device) in order to prevent it from exploding.
defy:Openly resist or refuse to obey.
defying:Openly resist or refuse to obey.
degas:Make or become free of unwanted or excess gas.
degauss:Remove unwanted magnetism from (a television or monitor) in order to correct color disturbance.
degaussed:Remove unwanted magnetism from (a television or monitor) in order to correct colour disturbance.
degaussing:The removal of unwanted magnetism from a television or monitor in order to correct color disturbance.
degeneracy:The state or property of being degenerate.
degenerate:An immoral or corrupt person.
degenerated:Decline or deteriorate physically, mentally, or morally.
degenerates:Decline or deteriorate physically, mentally, or morally.
degenerating:Decline or deteriorate physically, mentally, or morally.
degeneration:The state or process of being or becoming degenerate; decline or deterioration.
degradation:The condition or process of degrading or being degraded.
degradations:The condition or process of degrading or being degraded.
degrade:Treat or regard (someone) with contempt or disrespect.
degraded:Treated or regarded with contempt or disrespect.
degrades:Treat or regard (someone) with contempt or disrespect.
degrading:Causing a loss of self-respect; humiliating.
degrease:Remove excess grease or fat from.
degree:The amount, level, or extent to which something happens or is present.
degrees:The amount, level, or extent to which something happens or is present.
dehorn:Remove the horns from (an animal)
dehumidifier:A device that removes excess moisture from the air.
dehydrate:Cause (a person or their body) to lose a large amount of water.
dehydrated:Having lost a large amount of water from the body.
dehydrating:Cause (a person or their body) to lose a large amount of water.
deified:Worship or regard as a god.
deifies:Worship or regard as a god.
deify:Worship, regard, or treat (someone or something) as a god.
deifying:Worship or regard as a god.
deism:Belief in the existence of a supreme being, specifically of a creator who does not intervene in the universe. The term is used chiefly of an intellectual movement of the 17th and 18th centuries that accepted the existence of a creator on the basis of reason but rejected belief in a supernatural deity who interacts with humankind.
deities:A god or goddess (in a polytheistic religion)
deity:A god or goddess (in a polytheistic religion)
dejected:Sad and depressed; dispirited.
dejection:A sad and depressed state; low spirits.
delate:Report (an offense or crime)
delay:Make (someone or something) late or slow.
delayed:Make (someone or something) late or slow.
delaying:Make (someone or something) late or slow.
delays:Make (someone or something) late or slow.
delectable:(of food or drink) delicious.
delectation:Pleasure and delight.
delegate:Entrust (a task or responsibility) to another person, typically one who is less senior than oneself.
delegated:Entrust (a task or responsibility) to another person, typically one who is less senior than oneself.
delegates:Entrust (a task or responsibility) to another person, typically one who is less senior than oneself.
delegating:Entrust (a task or responsibility) to another person, typically one who is less senior than oneself.
delegation:A body of delegates or representatives; a deputation.
delegations:A body of delegates or representatives; a deputation.
delete:Remove or obliterate (written or printed matter), especially by drawing a line through it or marking it with a delete sign.
deleted:Remove or obliterate (written or printed matter), especially by drawing a line through it.
deleter:A person who or thing which deletes something.
deleterious:Causing harm or damage.
deletes:Remove or obliterate (written or printed matter), especially by drawing a line through it.
deleting:Remove or obliterate (written or printed matter), especially by drawing a line through it.
delhi:A walled city on the Jumna River in north central India, which was made the capital of the Mogul empire in 1638 by Shah Jahan (1592–1666).
deliberate:Engage in long and careful consideration.
deliberated:Engage in long and careful consideration.
deliberately:Consciously and intentionally; on purpose.
deliberating:Engage in long and careful consideration.
deliberation:Long and careful consideration or discussion.
deliberations:Long and careful consideration or discussion.
delible:Capable of being erased, deleted, or effaced. Frequently figurative. Often contrasted with indelible.
delicacies:Fineness or intricacy of texture or structure.
delicacy:Fineness or intricacy of texture or structure.
delicate:A delicate fabric or garment made of such fabric.
delicious:Highly pleasant to the taste.
deliciously:In a way that is highly pleasant to the senses, especially taste.
delight:Please (someone) greatly.
delighted:Feeling or showing great pleasure.
delightful:Causing delight; charming.
delighting:Please (someone) greatly.
delights:Please (someone) greatly.
delilah:(in the Bible) a woman who betrayed Samson to the Philistines (Judges 16) by revealing to them that the secret of his strength lay in his long hair.
delimit:Determine the limits or boundaries of.
delimited:Having fixed boundaries or limits.
delimiting:Determine the limits or boundaries of.
delimits:Determine the limits or boundaries of.
delineate:Describe or portray (something) precisely.
delineated:Describe or portray (something) precisely.
delineates:Describe or portray (something) precisely.
delineating:Describe or portray (something) precisely.
delineation:The action of describing or portraying something precisely.
delinquency:Minor crime, especially that committed by young people.
delinquent:A delinquent person.
delinquents:A delinquent person.
delirious:In an acutely disturbed state of mind resulting from illness or intoxication and characterized by restlessness, illusions, and incoherence of thought and speech.
delirium:An acutely disturbed state of mind that occurs in fever, intoxication, and other disorders and is characterized by restlessness, illusions, and incoherence of thought and speech.
deliver:Bring and hand over (a letter, parcel, or ordered goods) to the proper recipient or address.
deliverance:The action of being rescued or set free.
delivered:Bring and hand over (a letter, parcel, or goods) to the proper recipient or address.
deliveries:The action of delivering letters, parcels, or goods.
delivering:Bring and hand over (a letter, parcel, or goods) to the proper recipient or address.
delivers:Bring and hand over (a letter, parcel, or goods) to the proper recipient or address.
delivery:The action of delivering letters, packages, or ordered goods.
dell:A small valley, usually among trees.
delphi:One of the most important religious sanctuaries of the ancient Greek world, dedicated to Apollo, situated on the lower southern slopes of Mount Parnassus above the Gulf of Corinth. Thought of as the navel of the earth, it was the seat of the Delphic Oracle, whose riddling responses to a wide range of questions were delivered by the Pythia.
delphiniums:A popular garden plant of the buttercup family, which bears tall spikes of blue flowers.
delta:The fourth letter of the Greek alphabet (Δ, δ), transliterated as ‘d’.
deltoid:A deltoid muscle.
delude:Impose a misleading belief upon (someone); deceive; fool.
deluded:Believing something that is not true.
deludes:Make (someone) believe something that is not true.
deluding:Make (someone) believe something that is not true.
deluge:Inundate with a great quantity of something.
deluged:Overwhelm with a flood.
deluges:Overwhelm with a flood.
deluging:Overwhelm with a flood.
delusion:An idiosyncratic belief or impression that is firmly maintained despite being contradicted by what is generally accepted as reality or rational argument, typically a symptom of mental disorder.
delusions:An idiosyncratic belief or impression maintained despite being contradicted by reality or rational argument, typically as a symptom of mental disorder.
delusive:Giving a false or misleading impression.
deluxe:Luxurious or sumptuous; of a superior kind.
delve:Reach inside a receptacle and search for something.
delved:Reach inside a receptacle and search for something.
delves:Reach inside a receptacle and search for something.
delving:Reach inside a receptacle and search for something.
demagnetise:Remove magnetic properties from.
demagogue:Rhetorically exploit (an issue) for political purposes in a way calculated to appeal to the desires and prejudices of ordinary people.
demagoguery:Political activity or practices that seek support by appealing to the desires and prejudices of ordinary people rather than by using rational argument.
demagogues:Rhetorically exploit (an issue) for political purposes in a way calculated to appeal to the desires and prejudices of ordinary people.
demagogy:Political activity or practices that seek support by appealing to the desires and prejudices of ordinary people rather than by using rational argument.
demand:Ask authoritatively or brusquely.
demanded:Ask authoritatively or brusquely.
demanding:(of a task) requiring much skill or effort.
demands:Ask authoritatively or brusquely.
demarcate:Set the boundaries or limits of.
demarcated:Set the boundaries or limits of.
demarcating:Set the boundaries or limits of.
demarcation:The action of fixing the boundary or limits of something.
demean:Cause a severe loss in the dignity of and respect for (someone or something)
demeaned:Cause a severe loss in the dignity of and respect for (someone or something)
demeaning:Causing someone to lose their dignity and the respect of others.
demeanour:Outward behaviour or bearing.
demeans:Cause a severe loss in the dignity of and respect for (someone or something)
demented:Suffering from dementia.
dementia:A chronic or persistent disorder of the mental processes caused by brain disease or injury and marked by memory disorders, personality changes, and impaired reasoning.
demerge:Separate (a business) from another, particularly to dissolve an earlier merger.
demilitarised:Remove all military forces from (an area)
demise:Convey or grant (an estate) by will or lease.
demised:Convey or grant (an estate) by will or lease.
demises:Convey or grant (an estate) by will or lease.
demist:Clear condensation from (a vehicle's windscreen)
demists:Clear condensation from (a vehicle's windscreen)
demo:Record (a song or piece of music) to demonstrate the capabilities of a musical group or performer or as preparation for a full recording.
demobilised:Take (troops) out of active service, typically at the end of a war.
demobs:Demobilize (troops)
democracy:A system of government by the whole population or all the eligible members of a state, typically through elected representatives.
democrat:An advocate or supporter of democracy.
democratic:Relating to or supporting democracy or its principles.
democratically:In accordance with the principles of democracy.
democratisation:The introduction of a democratic system or democratic principles.
demographer:An expert in the study of statistics relating to the changing structure of human populations.
demographers:An expert in the study of statistics relating to the changing structure of human populations.
demographically:In a way that relates to the structure of populations.
demography:The study of statistics such as births, deaths, income, or the incidence of disease, which illustrate the changing structure of human populations.
demolish:Pull or knock down (a building)
demolished:Pull or knock down (a building)
demolishes:Pull or knock down (a building)
demolishing:Pull or knock down (a building)
demolition:The action or process of demolishing or being demolished.
demolitions:The action or process of demolishing or being demolished.
demon:An evil spirit or devil, especially one thought to possess a person or act as a tormentor in hell.
demonic:Of, resembling, or characteristic of demons or evil spirits.
demonology:The study of demons or demonic belief.
demons:An evil spirit or devil, especially one thought to possess a person or act as a tormentor in hell.
demonstrable:Clearly apparent or capable of being logically proved.
demonstrably:In a way that is clearly apparent or capable of being logically proved.
demonstrate:Give a practical exhibition and explanation of (how a machine, skill, or craft works or is performed)
demonstrated:Give a practical exhibition and explanation of (how a machine, skill, or craft works or is performed)
demonstrates:Give a practical exhibition and explanation of (how a machine, skill, or craft works or is performed)
demonstrating:Give a practical exhibition and explanation of (how a machine, skill, or craft works or is performed)
demonstration:The action or process of showing the existence or truth of something by giving proof or evidence.
demonstrations:An act of showing that something exists or is true by giving proof or evidence.
demonstrative:A demonstrative determiner or pronoun.
demonstratives:A demonstrative determiner or pronoun.
demoralise:Cause (someone) to lose confidence or hope.
demoralised:Having lost confidence or hope; disheartened.
demoralising:Causing someone to lose confidence or hope; disheartening.
demote:Give (someone) a lower rank or less senior position, usually as a punishment.
demoted:Move (someone) to a lower position or rank, usually as a punishment.
demotes:Move (someone) to a lower position or rank, usually as a punishment.
demotic:Ordinary colloquial speech.
demount:Dismantle or remove (an object or device) from its setting.
demounted:Dismantle or remove (an object or device) from its setting.
demounting:Dismantle or remove (an object or device) from its setting.
demur:Raise doubts or objections or show reluctance.
demure:Reserved, modest, and shy (typically used of a woman)
demurred:Raise objections or show reluctance.
demurring:Raise objections or show reluctance.
demurs:Raise objections or show reluctance.
den:A wild animal's lair or habitation.
dendrites:A short branched extension of a nerve cell, along which impulses received from other cells at synapses are transmitted to the cell body.
deniable:Able to be denied.
denial:The action of declaring something to be untrue.
denied:State that one refuses to admit the truth or existence of.
denier:A person who denies something.
deniers:A person who denies something, especially someone who refuses to admit the truth of a concept or proposition that is supported by the majority of scientific or historical evidence.
denies:State that one refuses to admit the truth or existence of.
denigrate:Criticize unfairly; disparage.
denigrated:Criticize unfairly; disparage.
denigrates:Criticize unfairly; disparage.
denigrating:Criticize unfairly; disparage.
denim:A sturdy cotton twill fabric, typically blue, used for jeans, overalls, and other clothing.
denizen:An inhabitant or occupant of a particular place.
denizens:A person, animal, or plant that lives or is found in a particular place.
denmark:A country in northwestern Europe, on the Jutland peninsula and many islands, between the North and the Baltic seas; population 5,700,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Copenhagen; official language, Danish.
denominated:(of sums of money) be expressed in a specified monetary unit.
denomination:A recognized autonomous branch of the Christian Church.
denominational:Relating to or according to the principles of a particular religious denomination.
denominations:A recognized autonomous branch of the Christian Church.
denote:Be a sign of; indicate.
denoted:Be a sign of; indicate.
denotes:Be a sign of; indicate.
denoting:Be a sign of; indicate.
denouement:The final part of a play, movie, or narrative in which the strands of the plot are drawn together and matters are explained or resolved.
denounce:Publicly declare to be wrong or evil.
denounced:Publicly declare to be wrong or evil.
denounces:Publicly declare to be wrong or evil.
denouncing:Publicly declare to be wrong or evil.
dens:(of a wild animal) live in a den.
dense:Closely compacted in substance.
denser:Closely compacted in substance.
densest:Closely compacted in substance.
densities:The degree of compactness of a substance.
density:The degree of compactness of a substance.
dent:Mark with a dent.
dental:A dental consonant.
dented:Mark with a dent.
dentin:Hard dense bony tissue forming the bulk of a tooth, beneath the enamel.
dentine:Hard dense bony tissue forming the bulk of a tooth, beneath the enamel.
denting:Mark with a dent.
dentist:A person qualified to treat the diseases and conditions that affect the teeth and gums, especially the repair and extraction of teeth and the insertion of artificial ones.
dentistry:The treatment of diseases and other conditions that affect the teeth and gums, especially the repair and extraction of teeth and the insertion of artificial ones.
dents:Mark with a dent.
denture:A removable plate or frame holding one or more artificial teeth.
dentures:A removable plate or frame holding one or more artificial teeth.
denude:Strip (something) of its covering, possessions, or assets; make bare.
denuded:Strip (something) of its covering, possessions, or assets.
denudes:Strip (something) of its covering, possessions, or assets.
denver:The capital of Colorado, in the central part of the state, on the South Platte River; population 598,707 (est. 2008). It is situated at an altitude of 5,280 feet (1,608 m) on the eastern side of the Rocky Mountains.
deny:State that one refuses to admit the truth or existence of.
denying:State that one refuses to admit the truth or existence of.
deodorant:A substance which removes or conceals unpleasant smells, especially bodily odors.
deodorants:A substance which removes or conceals unpleasant smells, especially bodily odours.
deodorised:Remove or conceal an unpleasant smell in.
depart:Leave, especially in order to start a journey.
departed:A particular dead person or dead people.
departing:Leave, especially in order to start a journey.
department:A division of a large organization such as a government, university, business, or shop, dealing with a specific subject, commodity, or area of activity.
departments:A division of a large organization such as a government, university, or business, dealing with a specific area of activity.
departs:Leave, especially in order to start a journey.
departure:The action of leaving, especially to start a journey.
departures:The action of leaving, especially to start a journey.
depend:Be controlled or determined by.
dependable:Trustworthy and reliable.
dependant:A person who relies on another, especially a family member, for financial support.
dependants:A person who relies on another, especially a family member, for financial support.
depended:Be controlled or determined by.
dependence:The state of relying on or being controlled by someone or something else.
dependencies:A country or province controlled by another.
dependency:A dependent or subordinate thing, especially a country or province controlled by another.
dependent:A person who relies on another, especially a family member, for financial support.
depending:Be controlled or determined by.
depends:Be controlled or determined by.
depersonalisation:The action of divesting someone or something of human characteristics or individuality.
depersonalising:Divest of human characteristics or individuality.
depict:Show or represent by a drawing, painting, or other art form.
depicted:Represent by a drawing, painting, or other art form.
depicting:Represent by a drawing, painting, or other art form.
depiction:The action or result of depicting something, especially in art.
depictions:The action of depicting something, especially in a work of art.
depicts:Represent by a drawing, painting, or other art form.
deplete:Use up the supply or resources of.
depleted:Use up the supply or resources of.
depleting:Use up the supply or resources of.
depletion:Reduction in the number or quantity of something.
deplorable:Deserving strong condemnation.
deplore:Feel or express strong disapproval of (something)
deplored:Feel or express strong disapproval of (something)
deplores:Feel or express strong disapproval of (something)
deploring:Strong disapproval.
deploy:Move (troops or equipment) into position for military action.
deployed:Move (troops or equipment) into position for military action.
deploying:Move (troops or equipment) into position for military action.
deployment:The movement of troops or equipment to a place or position for military action.
deployments:The movement of troops or equipment to a place or position for military action.
deploys:Move (troops or equipment) into position for military action.
depopulation:Substantial reduction in the population of an area.
deport:Expel (a foreigner) from a country, typically on the grounds of illegal status or for having committed a crime.
deportation:The action of deporting a foreigner from a country.
deportations:The action of deporting a foreigner from a country.
deported:Expel (a foreigner) from a country, typically on the grounds of illegal status or for having committed a crime.
deporting:Expel (a foreigner) from a country, typically on the grounds of illegal status or for having committed a crime.
deportment:A person's behavior or manners.
deports:Expel (a foreigner) from a country, typically on the grounds of illegal status or for having committed a crime.
depose:Remove from office suddenly and forcefully.
deposed:Remove from office suddenly and forcefully.
deposing:Remove from office suddenly and forcefully.
deposit:Put or set down (something or someone) in a specific place, typically unceremoniously.
deposited:Put or set down (something or someone) in a specific place.
depositing:Put or set down (something or someone) in a specific place.
deposition:The action of deposing someone, especially a monarch.
depositories:A place where things are stored.
depositors:A person who keeps money in a bank or building society account.
depository:A place where things are stored.
deposits:Put or set down (something or someone) in a specific place.
depot:A place for the storage of large quantities of equipment, food, or some other commodity.
depots:A place for the storage of large quantities of equipment, food, or goods.
deprave:Make (someone) immoral or wicked.
depraved:Morally corrupt; wicked.
depraves:Make (someone) immoral or wicked.
depraving:Make (someone) immoral or wicked.
depravity:Moral corruption; wickedness.
deprecate:Express disapproval of.
deprecated:Express disapproval of.
deprecates:Express disapproval of.
deprecating:Expressing disapproval; disapproving.
deprecatory:Expressing disapproval; disapproving.
depreciate:Diminish in value over a period of time.
depreciated:Diminish in value over a period of time.
depreciating:Diminish in value over a period of time.
depreciation:A reduction in the value of an asset with the passage of time, due in particular to wear and tear.
depredation:An act of attacking or plundering.
depredations:An act of attacking or plundering.
depress:Make (someone) feel utterly dispirited or dejected.
depressant:A depressant drug.
depressants:A depressant drug.
depressed:(of a person) in a state of general unhappiness or despondency.
depresses:Make (someone) feel utterly dispirited or dejected.
depressing:Causing or resulting in a feeling of miserable dejection.
depressingly:In a manner that causes sadness.
depression:Feelings of severe despondency and dejection.
deprivation:The damaging lack of material benefits considered to be basic necessities in a society.
deprivations:The damaging lack of material benefits considered to be basic necessities in a society.
deprive:Deny (a person or place) the possession or use of something.
deprived:Suffering a severe and damaging lack of basic material and cultural benefits.
deprives:Prevent (a person or place) from having or using something.
depriving:Prevent (a person or place) from having or using something.
depth:The distance from the top or surface to the bottom of something.
deputation:A group of people appointed to undertake a mission or take part in a formal process on behalf of a larger group.
deputations:A group of people appointed to undertake a mission or take part in a formal process on behalf of a larger group.
depute:Appoint or instruct (someone) to perform a task for which one is responsible.
deputed:Appoint or instruct (someone) to perform a task for which one is responsible.
deputes:Appoint or instruct (someone) to perform a task for which one is responsible.
deputies:A person who is appointed to undertake the duties of a superior in the superior's absence.
deputise:Temporarily act or speak on behalf of someone else.
deputised:Temporarily act or speak on behalf of someone else.
deputises:Temporarily act or speak on behalf of someone else.
deputising:Temporarily act or speak on behalf of someone else.
deputy:A person whose immediate superior is a senior figure within an organization and who is empowered to act as a substitute for this superior.
derailment:The action of a train or trolley car leaving its tracks accidentally.
deranged:Crazy; insane.
derate:Reduce the power rating of (a component or device)
derated:(under the former rates system) remove part or all of the burden of rates from (a property or business)
derates:(under the former rates system) remove part or all of the burden of rates from (a property or business)
derby:A city in north central England, on the Derwent River; population 244,700 (est. 2009).
derelict:A person without a home, job, or property.
dereliction:The state of having been abandoned and become dilapidated.
deride:Express contempt for; ridicule.
derided:Express contempt for; ridicule.
derides:Express contempt for; ridicule.
deriding:The expression of contempt or ridicule.
derision:Contemptuous ridicule or mockery.
derisive:Expressing contempt or ridicule.
derisively:In a manner expressing contempt or ridicule.
derisory:Ridiculously small or inadequate.
derivation:The obtaining or developing of something from a source or origin.
derivations:The action of obtaining something from a source or origin.
derivative:Something that is based on another source.
derivatives:Something which is based on another source.
derive:Obtain something from (a specified source)
derived:Obtain something from (a specified source)
derives:Obtain something from (a specified source)
deriving:Obtain something from (a specified source)
dermal:Relating to the skin or dermis.
dermatitis:A condition of the skin in which it becomes red, swollen, and sore, sometimes with small blisters, resulting from direct irritation of the skin by an external agent or an allergic reaction to it.
dermatologist:A medical practitioner qualified to diagnose and treat skin disorders.
dermatologists:A medical practitioner qualified to diagnose and treat skin disorders.
dermatology:The branch of medicine concerned with the diagnosis and treatment of skin disorders.
dermic:Affecting or relating to the skin.
derogate:Detract from.
derogatory:Showing a critical or disrespectful attitude.
dervishes:A member of a Muslim (specifically Sufi) religious order who has taken vows of poverty and austerity. Dervishes first appeared in the 12th century; they were noted for their wild or ecstatic rituals and were known as dancing, whirling, or howling dervishes according to the practice of their order.
desalination:The process of removing salt from seawater.
desaturated:Make unsaturated or less saturated.
descend:Move or fall downward.
descendant:A person, plant, or animal that is descended from a particular ancestor.
descendants:A person, plant, or animal that is descended from a particular ancestor.
descended:Move or fall downwards.
descender:A part of a letter that extends below the level of the base of a letter such as x (as in g and p).
descenders:A part of a letter that extends below the level of the base of a letter such as x (as in g and p).
descending:Moving or sloping downward.
descends:Move or fall downwards.
descent:An action of moving downward, dropping, or falling.
descents:An act of moving downwards, dropping, or falling.
describe:Give an account in words of (someone or something), including all the relevant characteristics, qualities, or events.
described:Give a detailed account in words of.
describes:Give a detailed account in words of.
describing:Give a detailed account in words of.
description:A spoken or written representation or account of a person, object, or event.
descriptions:A spoken or written account of a person, object, or event.
descriptive:Serving or seeking to describe.
descriptivism:The doctrine that the meanings of ethical or aesthetic terms and statements are purely descriptive rather than prescriptive, evaluative, or emotive.
desecrate:Treat (a sacred place or thing) with violent disrespect; violate.
desecrated:Treat (a sacred place or thing) with violent disrespect.
desecrates:Treat (a sacred place or thing) with violent disrespect.
desecrating:Treat (a sacred place or thing) with violent disrespect.
desecration:The action of desecrating something.
desert:Abandon (a person, cause, or organization) in a way considered disloyal or treacherous.
deserted:(of a place) empty of people.
deserter:A member of the armed forces who deserts.
deserters:A member of the armed forces who deserts.
deserting:Abandon (a person, cause, or organization) in a way considered disloyal or treacherous.
desertion:The action of deserting a person, cause, or organization.
desertions:The action of deserting a person, cause, or organization.
deserts:A person's worthiness or entitlement to reward or punishment.
deserve:Do something or have or show qualities worthy of (reward or punishment)
deserved:Rightfully earned because of something done or qualities shown; merited.
deservedly:In the way that is deserved; rightfully.
deserves:Do something or have or show qualities worthy of (a reaction which rewards or punishes as appropriate)
deserving:Worthy of being treated in a particular way, typically of being given assistance.
desiccated:Having had all moisture removed; dried out.
desiccator:A glass container or other apparatus holding a drying agent for removing moisture from specimens and protecting them from water vapor in the air.
desiderata:Something that is needed or wanted.
desideratum:Something that is needed or wanted.
design:Decide upon the look and functioning of (a building, garment, or other object), by making a detailed drawing of it.
designable:That can be distinctly marked out or identified; distinguishable, discernible.
designate:Appoint (someone) to a specified position.
designated:Appoint (someone) to a specified office or post.
designates:Appoint (someone) to a specified office or post.
designating:Appoint (someone) to a specified office or post.
designation:The choosing and naming of someone to be the holder of an official position.
designed:Planned or conceived in detail or for a specific purpose.
designedly:Deliberately in order to produce a specific effect.
designer:A person who plans the form, look, or workings of something before its being made or built, typically by drawing it in detail.
designers:A person who plans the look or workings of something prior to it being made, by preparing drawings or plans.
designing:Acting in a calculating, deceitful way.
designs:Decide upon the look and functioning of (a building, garment, or other object), by making a detailed drawing of it.
desirability:The quality of being desirable.
desirable:A desirable person, thing, or quality.
desire:Strongly wish for or want (something)
desired:Strongly wished for or intended.
desires:Strongly wish for or want (something)
desiring:Strongly wish for or want (something)
desirous:Having or characterized by desire.
desist:Cease; abstain.
desisted:Stop doing something; cease or abstain.
desisting:Stop doing something; cease or abstain.
desk:A piece of furniture with a flat or sloped surface and typically with drawers, at which one can read, write, or do other work.
deskilling:Reduce the level of skill required to carry out (a job)
desks:A piece of furniture with a flat or sloping surface and typically with drawers, at which one can read, write, or do other work.
desolate:Make (a place) bleakly and depressingly empty or bare.
desolated:Make (a place) appear bleakly empty.
desolating:Make (a place) appear bleakly empty.
desolation:A state of complete emptiness or destruction.
desorption:The release of an adsorbed substance from a surface.
despair:The complete loss or absence of hope.
despaired:Lose or be without hope.
despairing:Showing the loss of all hope.
despairs:Lose or be without hope.
despatch:Send off to a destination or for a purpose.
despatched:Send off to a destination or for a purpose.
despatches:Send off to a destination or for a purpose.
despatching:Send off to a destination or for a purpose.
desperado:A desperate or reckless person, especially a criminal.
desperate:Feeling, showing, or involving a hopeless sense that a situation is so bad as to be impossible to deal with.
desperately:In a way that shows despair.
desperation:A state of despair, typically one which results in rash or extreme behavior.
despicable:Deserving hatred and contempt.
despise:Feel contempt or a deep repugnance for.
despised:Feel contempt or a deep repugnance for.
despises:Feel contempt or a deep repugnance for.
despising:Feel contempt or a deep repugnance for.
despite:Without being affected by; in spite of.
despoil:Steal or violently remove valuable or attractive possessions from; plunder.
despoiled:Steal or violently remove valuable possessions from; plunder.
despoiling:Steal or violently remove valuable possessions from; plunder.
despondency:A state of low spirits caused by loss of hope or courage.
despondent:In low spirits from loss of hope or courage.
despot:A ruler or other person who holds absolute power, typically one who exercises it in a cruel or oppressive way.
despotic:Of or typical of a despot; tyrannical.
despotism:The exercise of absolute power, especially in a cruel and oppressive way.
despots:A ruler or other person who holds absolute power, typically one who exercises it in a cruel or oppressive way.
dessert:The sweet course eaten at the end of a meal.
desserts:The sweet course eaten at the end of a meal.
destabilisation:The process of upsetting the stability of a region or system, especially of government.
destabilise:Upset the stability of (a region or system); cause unrest or instability in.
destabilised:Upset the stability of (a region or system); cause unrest or instability in.
destabilising:Upsetting the stability of a region or system; causing unrest.
destination:The place to which someone or something is going or being sent.
destinations:The place to which someone or something is going or being sent.
destined:(of a person's future) developing as though according to a plan.
destinies:The events that will necessarily happen to a particular person or thing in the future.
destiny:The events that will necessarily happen to a particular person or thing in the future.
destitute:Without the basic necessities of life.
destitution:Poverty so extreme that one lacks the means to provide for oneself.
destroy:Put an end to the existence of (something) by damaging or attacking it.
destroyed:End the existence of (something) by damaging or attacking it.
destroying:End the existence of (something) by damaging or attacking it.
destroys:End the existence of (something) by damaging or attacking it.
destruction:The action or process of causing so much damage to something that it no longer exists or cannot be repaired.
destructive:Causing great and irreparable harm or damage.
desultory:Lacking a plan, purpose, or enthusiasm.
detach:Disengage (something or part of something) and remove it.
detached:Separate or disconnected.
detaches:Disengage (something or part of something) and remove it.
detaching:Disengage (something or part of something) and remove it.
detachment:The state of being objective or aloof.
detachments:The state of being objective or aloof.
detail:Describe item by item; give the full particulars of.
detailed:Having many details or facts; showing attention to detail.
detailing:Small decorative features on a building, garment, or work of art.
details:Give full information about.
detain:Keep (someone) from proceeding; hold back.
detained:Keep (someone) from proceeding by holding them back or making claims on their attention.
detainer:The action of detaining or withholding property.
detaining:Keep (someone) from proceeding by holding them back or making claims on their attention.
detains:Keep (someone) from proceeding by holding them back or making claims on their attention.
detect:Discover or identify the presence or existence of.
detected:Discover or identify the presence or existence of.
detecting:Discover or identify the presence or existence of.
detection:The action or process of identifying the presence of something concealed.
detective:A person, especially a police officer, whose occupation is to investigate and solve crimes.
detectives:A person, especially a police officer, whose occupation is to investigate and solve crimes.
detects:Discover or identify the presence or existence of.
detent:A catch in a machine which prevents motion until released.
detention:The action of detaining someone or the state of being detained in official custody, especially as a political prisoner.
detentions:The action of detaining someone or the state of being detained in official custody.
deter:Discourage (someone) from doing something by instilling doubt or fear of the consequences.
detergent:A water-soluble cleansing agent which combines with impurities and dirt to make them more soluble, and differs from soap in not forming a scum with the salts in hard water.
detergents:A water-soluble cleansing agent which combines with impurities and dirt to make them more soluble, and differs from soap in not forming a scum with the salts in hard water.
deteriorate:Become progressively worse.
deteriorated:Become progressively worse.
deteriorates:Become progressively worse.
deteriorating:Becoming progressively worse.
deterioration:The process of becoming progressively worse.
determinate:Having exact and discernible limits or form.
determination:Firmness of purpose; resoluteness.
determine:Cause (something) to occur in a particular way; be the decisive factor in.
determined:Having made a firm decision and being resolved not to change it.
determiner:A person or thing that determines or decides something.
determines:Cause (something) to occur in a particular way or to have a particular nature.
determining:Causing something to occur or be done in a particular way; serving to decide something.
deterministic:Relating to the philosophical doctrine that all events, including human action, are ultimately determined by causes regarded as external to the will.
deterred:Discourage (someone) from doing something by instilling doubt or fear of the consequences.
deterrent:A thing that discourages or is intended to discourage someone from doing something.
deterrents:A thing that discourages or is intended to discourage someone from doing something.
deterring:Discourage (someone) from doing something by instilling doubt or fear of the consequences.
deters:Discourage (someone) from doing something by instilling doubt or fear of the consequences.
detest:Dislike intensely.
detestable:Deserving intense dislike.
detestation:Intense dislike.
detested:Dislike intensely.
detesting:Dislike intensely.
detests:Dislike intensely.
dethrone:Remove (a ruler, especially a monarch) from power.
dethroned:Remove (a monarch) from power.
detonate:Explode or cause to explode.
detonated:Explode or cause to explode.
detonates:Explode or cause to explode.
detonating:Explode or cause to explode.
detonation:The action of causing a bomb or explosive device to explode.
detonations:The action of causing a bomb or explosive device to explode.
detour:Take a long or roundabout route.
detoured:Take a long or roundabout route.
detours:Take a long or roundabout route.
detox:A process or period of time in which one abstains from or rids the body of toxic or unhealthy substances; detoxification.
detoxify:Remove toxic substances or qualities from.
detract:Diminish the worth or value of (a quality or achievement)
detracted:Diminish the worth or value of (a quality or achievement)
detracting:Diminish the worth or value of (a quality or achievement)
detractor:A person who disparages someone or something.
detractors:A person who disparages someone or something.
detracts:Diminish the worth or value of (a quality or achievement)
detriment:The state of being harmed or damaged.
detrimental:Tending to cause harm.
detritus:Waste or debris of any kind.
deuce:The two on dice or playing cards.
deuced:Used for emphasis, especially to express disapproval or frustration.
deuterium:A stable isotope of hydrogen with a mass approximately twice that of the usual isotope.
deuteron:The nucleus of a deuterium atom, consisting of a proton and a neutron.
devalue:Reduce or underestimate the worth or importance of.
devalued:Reduce or underestimate the worth or importance of.
devalues:Reduce or underestimate the worth or importance of.
devaluing:Reduce or underestimate the worth or importance of.
devastate:Destroy or ruin (something)
devastated:Destroy or ruin.
devastating:Highly destructive or damaging.
devastatingly:In a highly destructive or damaging way.
devastation:Great destruction or damage.
develop:Grow or cause to grow and become more mature, advanced, or elaborate.
developed:Advanced or elaborated to a specified degree.
developer:A person or thing that develops something.
developers:A person or thing that develops something.
developing:Growing and becoming more mature, advanced, or elaborate.
development:The process of developing or being developed.
developmentally:In a way that relates to the development of someone or something.
develops:Grow or cause to grow and become more mature, advanced, or elaborate.
deviant:A deviant person or thing.
deviants:A deviant person or thing.
deviate:Depart from an established course.
deviated:Depart from an established course.
deviates:Depart from an established course.
deviating:Depart from an established course.
deviation:The action of departing from an established course or accepted standard.
deviations:The action of departing from an established course or accepted standard.
device:A thing made or adapted for a particular purpose, especially a piece of mechanical or electronic equipment.
devices:A thing made or adapted for a particular purpose, especially a piece of mechanical or electronic equipment.
devil:Act as a junior assistant for a lawyer or other professional.
devilish:Very; extremely.
devilishly:In a devilish manner.
devilled:(of food) cooked with hot seasoning.
devilment:Reckless mischief; wild spirits.
devilry:Wicked activity.
devils:Act as a junior assistant for a barrister or other professional.
devious:Showing a skillful use of underhanded tactics to achieve goals.
devise:Plan or invent (a complex procedure, system, or mechanism) by careful thought.
devised:Plan or invent (a complex procedure, system, or mechanism) by careful thought.
devises:Plan or invent (a complex procedure, system, or mechanism) by careful thought.
devising:Plan or invent (a complex procedure, system, or mechanism) by careful thought.
devoice:Make (a vowel or voiced consonant) voiceless.
devoid:Entirely lacking or free from.
devolution:The transfer or delegation of power to a lower level, especially by central government to local or regional administration.
devolve:Transfer or delegate (power) to a lower level, especially from central government to local or regional administration.
devolved:Having had power transferred or delegated to a lower level, especially from central government to local or regional administration.
devolving:Transfer or delegate (power) to a lower level, especially from central government to local or regional administration.
devote:Give all or a large part of one's time or resources to (a person, activity, or cause)
devoted:Very loving or loyal.
devotee:A person who is very interested in and enthusiastic about someone or something.
devotees:A person who is very interested in and enthusiastic about someone or something.
devotes:Give all or most of one's time or resources to (a person or activity)
devoting:Give all or most of one's time or resources to (a person or activity)
devotion:Love, loyalty, or enthusiasm for a person, activity, or cause.
devotional:Of or used in religious worship.
devour:Eat (food or prey) hungrily or quickly.
devoured:Eat (food or prey) hungrily or quickly.
devouring:The action of eating something hungrily or quickly.
devours:Eat (food or prey) hungrily or quickly.
devout:Having or showing deep religious feeling or commitment.
dew:Wet (a part of someone's body) with a beaded or glistening liquid.
dews:Moisten with drops of liquid.
dexterity:Skill in performing tasks, especially with the hands.
dexterous:Showing or having skill, especially with the hands.
dextrous:Showing or having skill, especially with the hands.
dhow:A lateen-rigged ship with one or two masts, used in the Indian Ocean.
diabetes:A disease in which the body’s ability to produce or respond to the hormone insulin is impaired, resulting in abnormal metabolism of carbohydrates and elevated levels of glucose in the blood and urine.
diabetic:A person suffering from diabetes.
diabetics:A person who has diabetes.
diabolic:Characteristic of the Devil, or so evil as to be suggestive of the Devil.
diabolical:Characteristic of the Devil, or so evil as to be suggestive of the Devil.
diachronic:Concerned with the way in which something, especially language, has developed and evolved through time.
diadem:A jeweled crown or headband worn as a symbol of sovereignty.
diadems:A jewelled crown or headband worn as a symbol of sovereignty.
diagnose:Identify the nature of (an illness or other problem) by examination of the symptoms.
diagnosed:Identify the nature of (an illness or other problem) by examination of the symptoms.
diagnoses:The identification of the nature of an illness or other problem by examination of the symptoms.
diagnosing:Identify the nature of (an illness or other problem) by examination of the symptoms.
diagnosis:The identification of the nature of an illness or other problem by examination of the symptoms.
diagnostician:A person who specializes in making diagnoses, especially of medical cases.
diagonal:A straight line joining two opposite corners of a square, rectangle, or other straight-sided shape.
diagonally:In a diagonal direction.
diagonals:A straight line joining two opposite corners of a square, rectangle, or other straight-sided shape.
diagram:Represent (something) in graphic form.
diagrammatic:Of or in the form of a diagram.
diagrams:Represent (something) in graphic form.
dial:Call (a phone number) by turning a disk with numbered holes or using a keypad or touchscreen.
dialect:A particular form of a language which is peculiar to a specific region or social group.
dialectic:The art of investigating or discussing the truth of opinions.
dialectics:The art of investigating or discussing the truth of opinions.
dialects:A particular form of a language which is peculiar to a specific region or social group.
dialing:Call (a phone number) by turning a dial or using a keypad or touchscreen.
dialled:Call (a phone number) by turning a dial or using a keypad or touchscreen.
dialler:A device or piece of software for calling phone numbers automatically.
dialling:Call (a phone number) by turning a dial or using a keypad or touchscreen.
dialog:Take part in a conversation or discussion to resolve a problem.
dialogue:Conversation between two or more people as a feature of a book, play, or movie.
dialogues:Take part in a conversation or discussion to resolve a problem.
dials:Call (a phone number) by turning a dial or using a keypad or touchscreen.
diameter:A straight line passing from side to side through the center of a body or figure, especially a circle or sphere.
diameters:A straight line passing from side to side through the centre of a body or figure, especially a circle or sphere.
diametrically:(with reference to opposition) completely; directly.
diamond:A precious stone consisting of a clear and colorless crystalline form of pure carbon, the hardest naturally occurring substance.
diana:A North American fritillary (butterfly), the male of which is orange and black and the female blue and black.
diaphanous:(especially of fabric) light, delicate, and translucent.
diaphragmatic:Relating to the diaphragm in the body.
diaries:A book in which one keeps a daily record of events and experiences.
diarist:A person who writes a diary.
diarrhea:A condition in which feces are discharged from the bowels frequently and in a liquid form.
diarrhoea:A condition in which faeces are discharged from the bowels frequently and in a liquid form.
diary:A book in which one keeps a daily record of events and experiences.
diaspora:The dispersion of the Jewish people beyond Israel.
diastolic:Relating to the phase of the heartbeat when the heart muscle relaxes and allows the chambers to fill with blood.
diathermy:A medical and surgical technique involving the production of heat in a part of the body by high-frequency electric currents, to stimulate the circulation, relieve pain, destroy unhealthy tissue, or cause bleeding vessels to clot.
diatom:A single-celled alga which has a cell wall of silica. Many kinds are planktonic, and extensive fossil deposits have been found.
diatomic:Consisting of two atoms.
diatoms:A single-celled alga which has a cell wall of silica. Many kinds are planktonic, and extensive fossil deposits have been found.
diatribe:A forceful and bitter verbal attack against someone or something.
diatribes:A forceful and bitter verbal attack against someone or something.
dice:Play or gamble with dice.
diced:(of food) cut into small cubes.
dicey:Unpredictable and potentially dangerous.
dichloride:A chloride containing two atoms of chlorine in its molecule or empirical formula. Compare "bichloride", "deuto-chloride".
dichotomies:A division or contrast between two things that are or are represented as being opposed or entirely different.
dichotomy:A division or contrast between two things that are or are represented as being opposed or entirely different.
diciest:Unpredictable and potentially dangerous.
dictate:Lay down authoritatively; prescribe.
dictated:State or order authoritatively.
dictates:State or order authoritatively.
dictating:State or order authoritatively.
dictator:A ruler with total power over a country, typically one who has obtained control by force.
dictatorial:Of or typical of a ruler with total power.
dictators:A ruler with total power over a country, typically one who has obtained control by force.
dictatorship:Government by a dictator.
diction:The choice and use of words and phrases in speech or writing.
dictionaries:A book or electronic resource that lists the words of a language (typically in alphabetical order) and gives their meaning, or gives the equivalent words in a different language, often also providing information about pronunciation, origin, and usage.
dictionary:A book or electronic resource that lists the words of a language (typically in alphabetical order) and gives their meaning, or gives the equivalent words in a different language, often also providing information about pronunciation, origin, and usage.
dictum:A formal pronouncement from an authoritative source.
did:Perform (an action, the precise nature of which is often unspecified)
didactic:Intended to teach, particularly in having moral instruction as an ulterior motive.
die:(of a person, animal, or plant) stop living.
died:(of a person, animal, or plant) stop living.
diehard:A person who strongly opposes change or who continues to support something in spite of opposition.
diehards:A person who strongly opposes change or who continues to support something in spite of opposition.
dielectric:A medium or substance that transmits electric force without conduction; an insulator.
dielectrics:A medium or substance with a dielectric property; an insulator.
dies:(of a person, animal, or plant) stop living.
diesel:An internal combustion engine in which heat produced by the compression of air in the cylinder is used to ignite the fuel.A heavy petroleum fraction used as fuel in diesel engines.
diet:The kinds of food that a person, animal, or community habitually eats.
dieted:Restrict oneself to small amounts or special kinds of food in order to lose weight.
dietetic:Concerned with diet and nutrition.
dietician:An expert on diet and nutrition.
dieticians:An expert on diet and nutrition.
dieting:Restrict oneself to small amounts or special kinds of food in order to lose weight.
dietitian:An expert on diet and nutrition.
dietitians:An expert on diet and nutrition.
diets:Restrict oneself to small amounts or special kinds of food in order to lose weight.
differ:Be unlike or dissimilar.
differed:Be unlike or dissimilar.
difference:Alter (a coat of arms) to distinguish members or branches of a family.
differences:Alter (a coat of arms) to distinguish members or branches of a family.
differencing:Alter (a coat of arms) to distinguish members or branches of a family.
different:Not the same as another or each other; unlike in nature, form, or quality.
differentiable:Able to be differentiated.
differential:A difference between amounts of things.
differentially:In a way that varies according to circumstances or relevant factors.
differentials:A difference between amounts of things.
differentiate:Recognize or ascertain what makes (someone or something) different.
differentiated:Recognize or ascertain what makes (someone or something) different.
differentiates:Recognize or ascertain what makes (someone or something) different.
differentiating:Recognize or ascertain what makes (someone or something) different.
differentiation:The action or process of differentiating.
differentiations:The action or process of differentiating or distinguishing between two or more things or people.
differentiators:Something that enables a difference or distinction to be made.
differently:In a way that is not the same as another or as before.
differing:Not the same as each other; dissimilar.
differs:Be unlike or dissimilar.
difficult:Needing much effort or skill to accomplish, deal with, or understand.
difficulty:The state or condition of being difficult.
diffidence:Modesty or shyness resulting from a lack of self-confidence.
diffident:Modest or shy because of a lack of self-confidence.
diffract:Cause to undergo diffraction.
diffracted:Cause to undergo diffraction.
diffracting:Cause to undergo diffraction.
diffracts:Cause to undergo diffraction.
diffuse:Spread or cause to spread over a wide area or among a large number of people.
diffused:Spread over a wide area or between a large number of people.
diffuser:A person or thing that diffuses something.
diffusers:A person or thing that diffuses something.
diffuses:Spread over a wide area or between a large number of people.
diffusing:Spread over a wide area or between a large number of people.
diffusion:The spreading of something more widely.
diffusional:Of, characterized by, or involving diffusion.
diffusivity:A measure of the capability of a substance or energy to be diffused or to allow something to pass by diffusion.
dig:Break up and move earth with a tool or machine, or with hands, paws, snout, etc.
digest:Break down (food) in the alimentary canal into substances that can be absorbed and used by the body.
digested:Break down (food) in the alimentary canal into substances that can be absorbed and used by the body.
digester:A container in which substances are treated with heat, enzymes, or a solvent in order to promote decomposition or extract essential components.
digesting:Break down (food) in the alimentary canal into substances that can be absorbed and used by the body.
digestion:The process of breaking down food by mechanical and enzymatic action in the alimentary canal into substances that can be used by the body.
digestive:A food or medicine that aids or promotes the digestion of food.
digestives:A food, drink, or medicine that aids or promotes the digestion of food.
digests:Break down (food) in the alimentary canal into substances that can be absorbed and used by the body.
digging:Break up and move earth with a tool or machine, or with hands, paws, snout, etc.
digit:Any of the numerals from 0 to 9, especially when forming part of a number.
digital:(of signals or data) expressed as series of the digits 0 and 1, typically represented by values of a physical quantity such as voltage or magnetic polarization.
digitalis:A drug prepared from the dried leaves of foxglove and containing substances (notably digoxin and digitoxin) that stimulate the heart muscle.
digitally:By means of digital or computer technology.
digitisation:The conversion of text, pictures, or sound into a digital form that can be processed by a computer.
digits:Any of the numerals from 0 to 9, especially when forming part of a number.
dignified:Having or showing a composed or serious manner that is worthy of respect.
dignify:Make (something) seem worthy and impressive.
dignifying:Make (something) seem worthy and impressive.
dignitaries:A person considered to be important because of high rank or office.
dignitary:A person considered to be important because of high rank or office.
dignities:The state or quality of being worthy of honour or respect.
dignity:The state or quality of being worthy of honor or respect.
digraphs:A combination of two letters representing one sound, as in ph and ey.
digress:Leave the main subject temporarily in speech or writing.
digressed:Leave the main subject temporarily in speech or writing.
digressing:Leave the main subject temporarily in speech or writing.
digression:A temporary departure from the main subject in speech or writing.
digressions:A temporary departure from the main subject in speech or writing.
digs:Living quarters.
dihedral:An angle formed by two plane faces.
diktat:An order or decree imposed by someone in power without popular consent.
diktats:An order or decree imposed by someone in power without popular consent.
dilapidated:(of a building or object) in a state of disrepair or ruin as a result of age or neglect.
dilapidation:The state or process of falling into decay or being in disrepair.
dilate:Make or become wider, larger, or more open.
dilated:Make or become wider, larger, or more open.
dilates:Make or become wider, larger, or more open.
dilating:Make or become wider, larger, or more open.
dilator:A thing that dilates something.
dilatory:Slow to act.
dildo:An object shaped like an erect penis used for sexual stimulation.
dilemma:A situation in which a difficult choice has to be made between two or more alternatives, especially equally undesirable ones.
dilemmas:A situation in which a difficult choice has to be made between two or more alternatives, especially ones that are equally undesirable.
dilettante:A person who cultivates an area of interest, such as the arts, without real commitment or knowledge.
dilettantes:A person who cultivates an area of interest, such as the arts, without real commitment or knowledge.
diligence:Careful and persistent work or effort.
diligent:Having or showing care and conscientiousness in one's work or duties.
diligently:In a way that shows care and conscientiousness in one's work or duties.
dill:An aromatic annual herb of the parsley family, with fine blue-green leaves and yellow flowers. The leaves and seeds of dill are used for flavoring and for medicinal purposes.
dilly:An excellent example of a particular type of person or thing.
diluent:A substance used to dilute something.
dilute:Make (a liquid) thinner or weaker by adding water or another solvent to it.
diluted:(of a liquid) weakened by the addition of water or another solvent.
dilutes:Make (a liquid) thinner or weaker by adding water or another solvent to it.
diluting:Make (a liquid) thinner or weaker by adding water or another solvent to it.
dim:Make or become less bright or distinct.
dime:A ten-cent coin.
dimension:Form or shape (something) to particular measurements.
dimensioned:Form or shape (something) to particular measurements.
dimensioning:Form or shape (something) to particular measurements.
dimensions:Form or shape (something) to particular measurements.
dimer:A molecule or molecular complex consisting of two identical molecules linked together.
dimers:A molecule or molecular complex consisting of two identical molecules linked together.
diminish:Make or become less.
diminished:Made smaller or less.
diminishes:Make or become less.
diminishing:Make or become less.
diminution:A reduction in the size, extent, or importance of something.
diminutive:A diminutive word or suffix.
diminutives:A diminutive word or suffix.
dimly:With a faint light; not brightly.
dimmed:Make or become less bright or distinct.
dimmer:A device for varying the brightness of an electric light.
dimmers:A device for varying the brightness of an electric light.
dimmest:Make or become less bright or distinct.
dimming:Make or become less bright or distinct.
dimorphic:Occurring in or representing two distinct forms.
dimple:Produce a dimple or dimples in the surface of (something)
dimpled:Having a dimple or dimples.
dimples:Produce a dimple or dimples in the surface of.
dims:Make or become less bright or distinct.
dimwit:A stupid or silly person.
din:Make (someone) learn or remember something by constant repetition.
dinar:The basic monetary unit of Serbia, equal to 100 paras.
dinars:The basic monetary unit of Serbia, equal to 100 paras.
dine:Eat dinner.
dined:Eat dinner.
diner:A person who is eating, typically a customer in a restaurant.
diners:A person who is eating, typically a customer in a restaurant.
dines:Eat dinner.
ding:Make a ringing sound.
dingier:Gloomy and drab.
dingiest:Gloomy and drab.
dingle:A deep wooded valley or dell.
dingy:Gloomy and drab.
dining:The activity of eating a meal.
dinky:Small; insignificant.
dinner:The main meal of the day, taken either around midday or in the evening.
dinners:The main meal of the day, taken either around midday or in the evening.
dinosaur:A fossil reptile of the Mesozoic era, in many species reaching an enormous size.
dinosaurs:A fossil reptile of the Mesozoic era, in many species reaching an enormous size.
dint:Mark (a surface) with impressions or hollows.
dints:Mark (a surface) with dents or hollows.
diocese:A district under the pastoral care of a bishop in the Christian Church.
diode:A semiconductor device with two terminals, typically allowing the flow of current in one direction only.
diodes:A semiconductor device with two terminals, typically allowing the flow of current in one direction only.
dioptre:A unit of refractive power, which is equal to the reciprocal of the focal length (in metres) of a given lens.
dioptres:A unit of refractive power, which is equal to the reciprocal of the focal length (in metres) of a given lens.
dioxide:An oxide containing two atoms of oxygen in its molecule or empirical formula.
dioxides:An oxide containing two atoms of oxygen in its molecule or empirical formula.
dioxin:A highly toxic compound produced as a byproduct in some manufacturing processes, notably herbicide production and paper bleaching. It is a serious and persistent environmental pollutant.
dip:Put or let something down quickly or briefly in or into (liquid)
diphtheria:An acute, highly contagious bacterial disease causing inflammation of the mucous membranes, formation of a false membrane in the throat that hinders breathing and swallowing, and potentially fatal heart and nerve damage by a bacterial toxin in the blood. It is now rare in developed countries because of immunization.
diploma:A certificate awarded by an educational establishment to show that someone has successfully completed a course of study.
diplomacy:The profession, activity, or skill of managing international relations, typically by a country's representatives abroad.
diplomat:An official representing a country abroad.
diplomatic:Of or concerning the profession, activity, or skill of managing international relations.
diplomatically:In a way that relates to diplomacy or international relations.
diplomats:An official representing a country abroad.
dipole:A pair of equal and oppositely charged or magnetized poles separated by a distance.
dipoles:A pair of equal and oppositely charged or magnetized poles separated by a distance.
dipped:Put or let something down quickly or briefly in or into (liquid)
dipping:Put or let something down quickly or briefly in or into (liquid)
dips:Put or let something down quickly or briefly in or into (liquid)
dipsomania:Alcoholism, specifically in a form characterized by intermittent bouts of craving for alcohol.
dipstick:A graduated rod for measuring the depth of a liquid, especially oil in a vehicle's engine.
dipsticks:A graduated rod for measuring the depth of a liquid, especially oil in a vehicle's engine.
dire:(of a situation or event) extremely serious or urgent.
direct:With no one or nothing in between.
directed:With no one or nothing in between.
directing:With no one or nothing in between.
direction:A course along which someone or something moves.
directional:Relating to or indicating the direction in which someone or something is situated, moving, or developing.
directions:A course along which someone or something moves.
directive:An official or authoritative instruction.
directives:An official or authoritative instruction.
directly:Without changing direction or stopping.
director:A person who is in charge of an activity, department, or organization.
directories:A book or website listing individuals or organizations alphabetically or thematically with details such as names, addresses, and phone numbers.
directors:A person who is in charge of an activity, department, or organization.
directory:A book listing individuals or organizations alphabetically or thematically with details such as names, addresses, and phone numbers.
directs:With no one or nothing in between.
direst:Extremely serious or urgent.
dirge:A lament for the dead, especially one forming part of a funeral rite.
dirges:A lament for the dead, especially one forming part of a funeral rite.
dirigiste:Characterized by state control of economic and social policy.
dirt:A substance, such as mud or dust, that soils someone or something.
dirtied:Used for emphasis.
dirtier:Used for emphasis.
dirties:Used for emphasis.
dirtiest:Used for emphasis.
dirty:Used for emphasis.
dirtying:Used for emphasis.
disabilities:A physical or mental condition that limits a person's movements, senses, or activities.
disability:A physical or mental condition that limits a person's movements, senses, or activities.
disable:(of a disease, injury, or accident) limit (someone) in their movements, senses, or activities.
disabled:(of a person) having a physical or mental condition that limits movements, senses, or activities.
disables:(of a disease, injury, or accident) limit (someone) in their movements, senses, or activities.
disabling:(of a condition or injury) limiting a person's movements, senses, or activities.
disabuse:Persuade (someone) that an idea or belief is mistaken.
disabused:Persuade (someone) that an idea or belief is mistaken.
disadvantage:Place in an unfavorable position in relation to someone or something else.
disadvantaged:(of a person or area) in unfavorable circumstances, especially with regard to financial or social opportunities.
disadvantageous:Involving or creating unfavorable circumstances that reduce the chances of success or effectiveness.
disadvantages:Put in an unfavourable position in relation to someone or something else.
disaffected:Dissatisfied with the people in authority and no longer willing to support them.
disaffection:A state or feeling of being dissatisfied with the people in authority and no longer willing to support them.
disaggregate:Separate (something) into its component parts.
disaggregated:Separate (something) into its component parts.
disagree:Have or express a different opinion.
disagreeable:Not pleasant or enjoyable.
disagreed:Have or express a different opinion.
disagreeing:Have or express a different opinion.
disagreement:Lack of consensus or approval.
disagreements:Lack of consensus or approval.
disagrees:Have or express a different opinion.
disallow:Refuse to declare valid.
disallowed:Refuse to declare valid.
disallowing:Refuse to declare valid.
disallows:Refuse to declare valid.
disappear:Cease to be visible.
disappearance:An instance or fact of someone or something ceasing to be visible.
disappearances:An act of someone or something ceasing to be visible.
disappeared:Cease to be visible.
disappearing:Cease to be visible.
disappears:Cease to be visible.
disappoint:Fail to fulfill the hopes or expectations of (someone)
disappointed:(of a person) sad or displeased because someone or something has failed to fulfill one's hopes or expectations.
disappointing:Failing to fulfill someone's hopes or expectations.
disappointingly:In a manner that fails to fulfill someone's hopes or expectations.
disappointment:Sadness or displeasure caused by the nonfulfillment of one's hopes or expectations.
disappoints:Fail to fulfil the hopes or expectations of.
disapprobation:Strong disapproval, typically on moral grounds.
disapproval:Possession or expression of an unfavorable opinion.
disapprove:Have or express an unfavorable opinion about something.
disapproved:Have or express an unfavourable opinion.
disapproves:Have or express an unfavourable opinion.
disapproving:Expressing an unfavorable opinion.
disarm:Take a weapon or weapons away from (a person, force, or country)
disarmament:The reduction or withdrawal of military forces and weapons.
disarmed:Take a weapon or weapons away from (a person, force, or country)
disarmer:A person who advocates or campaigns for the withdrawal of nuclear weapons.
disarming:(of manner or behavior) having the effect of allaying suspicion or hostility, especially through charm.
disarmingly:In a manner that allays suspicion or hostility, especially through charm.
disarms:Take a weapon or weapons away from (a person, force, or country)
disarranging:Make untidy or disordered.
disarray:Throw (someone or something) into a state of disorganization or untidiness.
disarrayed:Throw into a state of disorganization or untidiness.
disassemble:Take (something) apart.
disassembled:Take (something) to pieces.
disassembler:A program for converting machine code into a low-level symbolic language.
disassembles:Take (something) to pieces.
disassembling:Take (something) to pieces.
disassembly:The action of taking something apart.
disaster:A sudden event, such as an accident or a natural catastrophe, that causes great damage or loss of life.
disasters:A sudden accident or a natural catastrophe that causes great damage or loss of life.
disastrous:Causing great damage.
disavow:Deny any responsibility or support for.
disavowal:The denial of any responsibility or support for something; repudiation.
disavowed:Deny any responsibility or support for.
disavowing:Deny any responsibility or support for.
disband:(of an organized group) break up or cause to break up and stop functioning.
disbanded:(with reference to an organized group) break up or cause to break up.
disbanding:(with reference to an organized group) break up or cause to break up.
disbands:(with reference to an organized group) break up or cause to break up.
disbelief:Inability or refusal to accept that something is true or real.
disbelieve:Be unable to believe (someone or something)
disbelieved:Be unable to believe.
disbeliever:A person who refuses to believe something or who lacks religious faith.
disbelievers:A person who refuses to believe something or who lacks religious faith.
disbelieving:Feeling or expressing disbelief.
disburse:Pay out (money from a fund)
disbursed:Pay out (money from a fund)
disbursement:The payment of money from a fund.
disc:A flat, thin circular object.
discard:Get rid of (someone or something) as no longer useful or desirable.
discarded:Get rid of (someone or something) as no longer useful or desirable.
discarding:Get rid of (someone or something) as no longer useful or desirable.
discards:Get rid of (someone or something) as no longer useful or desirable.
discern:Perceive or recognize (something)
discerned:Recognize or find out.
discernible:Able to be discerned; perceptible.
discerning:Having or showing good judgment.
discernment:The ability to judge well.
discerns:Recognize or find out.
discharge:Tell (someone) officially that they can or must leave a place or situation.
discharged:Tell (someone) officially that they can or must leave a place or situation.
discharges:Tell (someone) officially that they can or must leave a place or situation.
discharging:Tell (someone) officially that they can or must leave a place or situation.
disciple:A personal follower of Jesus during his life, especially one of the twelve Apostles.
disciples:A personal follower of Christ during his life, especially one of the twelve Apostles.
disciplinarian:A person who believes in or practices firm discipline.
disciplinarians:A person who believes in or practises firm discipline.
discipline:Train (someone) to obey rules or a code of behavior, using punishment to correct disobedience.
disciplined:Showing a controlled form of behavior or way of working.
disciplines:Train (someone) to obey rules or a code of behaviour, using punishment to correct disobedience.
disciplining:Train (someone) to obey rules or a code of behaviour, using punishment to correct disobedience.
disclaim:Refuse to acknowledge; deny.
disclaimed:Refuse to acknowledge; deny.
disclaimer:A statement that denies something, especially responsibility.
disclaimers:A statement that denies something, especially responsibility.
disclaiming:Refuse to acknowledge; deny.
disclaims:Refuse to acknowledge; deny.
disclose:Make (secret or new information) known.
disclosed:Make (secret or new information) known.
discloses:Make (secret or new information) known.
disclosing:Make (secret or new information) known.
disclosure:The action of making new or secret information known.
disco:A club or party at which people dance to recorded pop music.
discography:A descriptive catalog of musical recordings, particularly those of a particular performer or composer.
discolour:Change or cause to change to a different, less attractive colour.
discolouration:The process of becoming discoloured, or the state of being discoloured.
discoloured:Changed in colour in a way that is less attractive.
discolours:Change or cause to change to a different, less attractive colour.
discomfit:Make (someone) feel uneasy or embarrassed.
discomfited:Make (someone) feel uneasy or embarrassed.
discomfiture:A feeling of unease or embarrassment; awkwardness.
discomfort:Make (someone) feel uneasy, anxious, or embarrassed.
discomforting:Causing unease, worry, or embarrassment.
discomforts:Make (someone) feel uneasy, anxious, or embarrassed.
disconcert:Disturb the composure of; unsettle.
disconcerted:Unsettled or confused.
disconcerting:Causing one to feel unsettled.
disconnect:Break the connection of or between.
disconnected:Having a connection broken.
disconnecting:Break the connection of or between.
disconnects:Break the connection of or between.
disconsolate:Without consolation or comfort; unhappy.
discontent:Lack of contentment; dissatisfaction with one's circumstances.
discontented:Dissatisfied, especially with one's circumstances.
discontents:Dissatisfaction with one's circumstances; lack of contentment.
discontinue:Cease doing or providing (something), typically something provided on a regular basis.
discontinued:(of a product) no longer available or produced.
discontinues:Cease from doing or providing (something), especially something that has been provided on a regular basis.
discontinuing:Cease from doing or providing (something), especially something that has been provided on a regular basis.
discontinuity:A distinct break in physical continuity or sequence in time.
discontinuous:Having intervals or gaps.
discord:Disagreement between people.
discordant:Disagreeing or incongruous.
discords:(of people) disagree.
discount:Deduct an amount from (the usual price of something)
discounted:Deduct an amount from (the usual price of something)
discounting:Deduct an amount from (the usual price of something)
discounts:Deduct an amount from (the usual price of something)
discourage:Cause (someone) to lose confidence or enthusiasm.
discouraged:Having lost confidence or enthusiasm; disheartened.
discouragement:A loss of confidence or enthusiasm; dispiritedness.
discouragements:A loss of confidence or enthusiasm; dispiritedness.
discourages:Cause (someone) to lose confidence or enthusiasm.
discouraging:Causing someone to lose confidence or enthusiasm; depressing.
discourse:Written or spoken communication or debate.
discoursed:Speak or write authoritatively about a topic.
discourses:Speak or write authoritatively about a topic.
discoursing:Speak or write authoritatively about a topic.
discourteous:Showing rudeness and a lack of consideration for other people.
discourtesy:Rude and inconsiderate behavior.
discover:Find (something or someone) unexpectedly or in the course of a search.
discovered:Find unexpectedly or during a search.
discoverer:The first person to find or explore a place.
discoverers:The first person to find or explore a place.
discoveries:The action or process of discovering or being discovered.
discovering:Find unexpectedly or during a search.
discovers:Find unexpectedly or during a search.
discovery:The action or process of discovering or being discovered.
discredit:Harm the good reputation of (someone or something)
discreditable:Tending to bring harm to a reputation.
discredited:Brought into disrepute; having lost respect or credibility.
discrediting:Harm the good reputation of.
discredits:Harm the good reputation of.
discreet:Careful and circumspect in one's speech or actions, especially in order to avoid causing offense or to gain an advantage.
discrepancies:An illogical or surprising lack of compatibility or similarity between two or more facts.
discrepancy:A lack of compatibility or similarity between two or more facts.
discrete:Individually separate and distinct.
discretion:The quality of behaving or speaking in such a way as to avoid causing offense or revealing private information.
discretionary:Available for use at the discretion of the user.
discriminant:An agent or characteristic that enables things, people, or classes to be distinguished from one another.
discriminants:A distinguishing feature or characteristic.
discriminate:Make an unjust or prejudicial distinction in the treatment of different categories of people, especially on the grounds of ethnicity, sex, age, or disability.
discriminated:Make an unjust or prejudicial distinction in the treatment of different categories of people, especially on the grounds of ethnicity, sex, age, or disability.
discriminates:Make an unjust or prejudicial distinction in the treatment of different categories of people, especially on the grounds of ethnicity, sex, age, or disability.
discriminating:(of a person) having or showing refined taste or good judgment.
discrimination:The unjust or prejudicial treatment of different categories of people, especially on the grounds of ethnicity, age, sex, or disability.
discriminator:A characteristic that enables things, people, or classes to be distinguished from one another.
discriminators:A characteristic which enables people or things to be distinguished from one another.
discriminatory:Making or showing an unjust or prejudicial distinction between different categories of people, especially on the grounds of ethnicity, sex, age, or disability.
discs:A flat, thin circular object.
discursive:Digressing from subject to subject.
discus:A heavy thick-centered disk thrown by an athlete, in ancient Greek games or in modern field events.
discuss:Talk about (something) with another person or group of people.
discussed:Talk about (something) with a person or people.
discusses:Talk about (something) with a person or people.
discussing:Talk about (something) with a person or people.
discussion:The action or process of talking about something in order to reach a decision or to exchange ideas.
disdain:Consider to be unworthy of one's consideration.
disdained:Consider to be unworthy of one's consideration.
disdainful:Showing contempt or lack of respect.
disdaining:Consider to be unworthy of one's consideration.
disease:A disorder of structure or function in a human, animal, or plant, especially one that produces specific signs or symptoms or that affects a specific location and is not simply a direct result of physical injury.
diseased:Suffering from disease.
diseases:A disorder of structure or function in a human, animal, or plant, especially one that produces specific symptoms or that affects a specific location and is not simply a direct result of physical injury.
disembark:Leave a ship, aircraft, or other vehicle.
disembarked:Leave a ship, aircraft, or train.
disembarking:Leave a ship, aircraft, or train.
disembodied:Separated from or existing without the body.
disembowel:Cut open and remove the internal organs of.
disembowelled:Cut open and remove the internal organs of.
disembowels:Cut open and remove the internal organs of.
disenchanted:Disappointed by someone or something previously respected or admired; disillusioned.
disenchantment:A feeling of disappointment about someone or something you previously respected or admired; disillusionment.
disenfranchisement:The state of being deprived of a right or privilege, especially the right to vote.
disengage:Separate or release (someone or something) from something to which they are attached or connected.
disengaged:Emotionally detached.
disengagement:The action or process of withdrawing from involvement in a particular activity, situation, or group.
disengaging:Separate or release (someone or something) from something to which they are attached or connected.
disentangle:Free (something or someone) from an entanglement; extricate.
disentangled:Free (something or someone) from something that they are entangled with.
disentangles:Free (something or someone) from something that they are entangled with.
disentangling:Free (something or someone) from something that they are entangled with.
disfavour:Put at a disadvantage or treat as undesirable.
disfigure:Spoil the attractiveness of.
disfigured:Spoil the appearance of.
disfigurement:The action of spoiling the appearance of something or someone; defacement.
disfigurements:The action of spoiling the appearance of something or someone; defacement.
disfigures:Spoil the appearance of.
disfiguring:Spoiling the appearance of a person or thing.
disgorge:Cause to pour out.
disgorged:Pour (something) out.
disgorging:Pour (something) out.
disgrace:Bring shame or discredit on (someone or something)
disgraced:Having fallen from favor or a position of power or honor; discredited.
disgraceful:Shockingly unacceptable.
disgraces:Bring shame or discredit on.
disgracing:Bring shame or discredit on.
disgruntled:Angry or dissatisfied.
disguise:Give (someone or oneself) a different appearance in order to conceal one's identity.
disguised:Having changed one's appearance in order to conceal one's identity.
disguises:Give (someone or oneself) a different appearance in order to conceal one's identity.
disguising:Give (someone or oneself) a different appearance in order to conceal one's identity.
disgust:Cause (someone) to feel revulsion or profound disapproval.
disgusted:Feeling or expressing revulsion or strong disapproval.
disgusting:Arousing revulsion or strong indignation.
disgusts:Cause (someone) to feel revulsion or strong disapproval.
dish:Gossip or share information, especially information of an intimate or scandalous nature.
disharmony:Lack of harmony or agreement.
dishcloth:A cloth for washing or drying dishes.
disheartened:Having lost determination or confidence; dispirited.
disheartening:Causing someone to lose determination or confidence; discouraging or dispiriting.
dishes:Gossip or share information, especially information of an intimate or scandalous nature.
dishevelled:(of a person's hair, clothes, or appearance) untidy; disordered.
dishonest:Behaving or prone to behave in an untrustworthy or fraudulent way.
dishonesty:Deceitfulness shown in someone's character or behavior.
dishonour:Bring shame or disgrace on.
dishonourable:Bringing shame or disgrace on someone or something.
dishonoured:Bring shame or disgrace on.
dishpan:A large basin in which dishes are washed.
dishwasher:A machine for washing dishes automatically.
dishwashers:A machine for washing dishes automatically.
disillusion:Cause (someone) to realize that a belief or an ideal is false.
disillusioned:Disappointed in someone or something that one discovers to be less good than one had believed.
disillusioning:Cause (someone) to realize that a belief they hold is false.
disincentive:A factor, especially a financial disadvantage, that tends to discourage people from doing something.
disincentives:A factor, especially a financial disadvantage, that discourages a particular action.
disinclination:A reluctance or lack of enthusiasm.
disinclined:Unwilling; reluctant.
disinfect:Clean (something), especially with a chemical, in order to destroy bacteria.
disinfectant:A chemical liquid that destroys bacteria.
disinfectants:A chemical liquid that destroys bacteria.
disinfected:Clean (something), especially with a chemical, in order to destroy bacteria.
disinfecting:Clean (something), especially with a chemical, in order to destroy bacteria.
disingenuous:Not candid or sincere, typically by pretending that one knows less about something than one really does.
disinherit:Change one's will or take other steps to prevent (someone) from inheriting one's property.
disinherited:Change one's will or take other steps to prevent (someone) from inheriting one's property.
disintegrate:Break up into small parts, typically as the result of impact or decay.
disintegrated:Break up into small parts as the result of impact or decay.
disintegrates:Break up into small parts as the result of impact or decay.
disintegrating:Break up into small parts as the result of impact or decay.
disintegration:The process of losing cohesion or strength.
disinter:Dig up (something that has been buried, especially a corpse)
disinterest:The state of not being influenced by personal involvement in something; impartiality.
disinterested:Not influenced by considerations of personal advantage.
disinterred:Dig up (something that has been buried, especially a corpse)
disinvest:Withdraw or reduce an investment.
disjoint:Disturb the cohesion or organization of.
disjointed:Lacking a coherent sequence or connection.
disjunct:Each of the terms of a disjunctive proposition.
disjunctive:A disjunctive conjunction or other word.
dislike:Feel distaste for or hostility toward.
disliked:Feel distaste for or hostility towards.
dislikes:Feel distaste for or hostility towards.
disliking:Feel distaste for or hostility towards.
dislocate:Disturb the normal arrangement or position of (something, typically a joint in the body)
dislocated:Disturb the normal position of (a bone in a joint)
dislocates:Disturb the normal position of (a bone in a joint)
dislocating:Disturb the normal position of (a bone in a joint)
dislodge:Knock or force out of position.
dislodged:Knock or force out of position.
dislodges:Knock or force out of position.
dislodging:Knock or force out of position.
disloyal:Failing to be loyal to a person, country, or body to which one has obligations.
disloyalty:The quality of not being loyal to a person, country, or organization; unfaithfulness.
dismal:Depressing; dreary.
dismantle:Take (a machine or structure) to pieces.
dismantled:Take (a machine or structure) to pieces.
dismantles:Take (a machine or structure) to pieces.
dismantling:Take (a machine or structure) to pieces.
dismay:Cause (someone) to feel consternation and distress.
dismayed:Cause (someone) to feel concern and distress.
dismaying:Causing concern and distress.
dismays:Cause (someone) to feel concern and distress.
dismember:Cut off the limbs of (a person or animal)
dismembered:(of a body) having had the limbs cut off.
dismembering:Cut off the limbs of (a person or animal)
dismembers:Cut off the limbs of (a person or animal)
dismiss:Order or allow to leave; send away.
dismissal:The act of ordering or allowing someone to leave.
dismissals:The act of ordering or allowing someone to leave.
dismissed:Order or allow to leave; send away.
dismisses:Order or allow to leave; send away.
dismissing:Order or allow to leave; send away.
dismissive:Feeling or showing that something is unworthy of consideration.
dismissively:In a manner that suggests that something or someone is unworthy of consideration.
dismount:Alight from a horse, bicycle, or other thing that one is riding.
dismounted:Get off a horse, bicycle, or anything that one is riding.
dismounting:Get off a horse, bicycle, or anything that one is riding.
dismounts:Get off a horse, bicycle, or anything that one is riding.
disobedience:Failure or refusal to obey rules or someone in authority.
disobedient:Refusing to obey rules or someone in authority.
disobey:Fail to obey (rules, a command, or someone in authority)
disobeyed:Fail to obey (rules, a command, or someone in authority)
disobeying:Fail to obey (rules, a command, or someone in authority)
disobeys:Fail to obey (rules, a command, or someone in authority)
disorder:Disrupt the systematic functioning or neat arrangement of.
disordered:Not neatly arranged; confused and untidy.
disorderly:Lacking organization; untidy.
disorders:Disrupt the systematic functioning or neat arrangement of.
disorganised:Not properly planned and controlled.
disorientated:Having lost one's sense of direction; disoriented.
disorientating:Causing someone to lose their sense of direction; disorienting.
disoriented:Having lost one's sense of direction.
disown:Refuse to acknowledge or maintain any connection with.
disowned:Refuse to acknowledge or maintain any connection with.
disowning:Refuse to acknowledge or maintain any connection with.
disowns:Refuse to acknowledge or maintain any connection with.
disparage:Regard or represent as being of little worth.
disparaged:Regard or represent as being of little worth.
disparaging:Expressing the opinion that something is of little worth; derogatory.
disparate:Things so unlike that there is no basis for comparison.
disparities:A great difference.
disparity:A great difference.
dispassionate:Not influenced by strong emotion, and so able to be rational and impartial.
dispatch:Send off to a destination or for a purpose.
dispatched:Send off to a destination or for a purpose.
dispatches:Send off to a destination or for a purpose.
dispatching:Send off to a destination or for a purpose.
dispel:Make (a doubt, feeling, or belief) disappear.
dispelled:Make (a doubt, feeling, or belief) disappear.
dispelling:Make (a doubt, feeling, or belief) disappear.
dispels:Make (a doubt, feeling, or belief) disappear.
dispensable:Able to be replaced or done without; superfluous.
dispensation:Exemption from a rule or usual requirement.
dispensations:Exemption from a rule or usual requirement.
dispense:Distribute or provide (a service or information) to a number of people.
dispensed:Distribute or provide (a service or information) to a number of people.
dispenses:Distribute or provide (a service or information) to a number of people.
dispensing:(of a machine or container) able to supply or release a product or cash.
dispersal:The action or process of distributing things or people over a wide area.
dispersant:A liquid or gas used to disperse small particles in a medium.
disperse:Distribute or spread over a wide area.
dispersed:Distribute or spread over a wide area.
disperses:Distribute or spread over a wide area.
dispersing:Distribute or spread over a wide area.
dispirited:Having lost enthusiasm and hope; disheartened.
dispiriting:Causing someone to lose enthusiasm and hope; disheartening.
displace:Take over the place, position, or role of (someone or something)
displaced:Take over the place, position, or role of.
displacements:The action of moving something from its place or position.
displaces:Take over the place, position, or role of.
displacing:Take over the place, position, or role of.
display:Make a prominent exhibition of (something) in a place where it can be easily seen.
displayable:Capable of or suitable for being displayed.
displayed:(of information) shown on a computer screen or other device.
displaying:Put (something) in a prominent place in order that it may readily be seen.
displays:Put (something) in a prominent place in order that it may readily be seen.
displease:Make (someone) feel annoyed or dissatisfied.
displeased:Feeling or showing annoyance and displeasure.
displeasing:Causing annoyance or dissatisfaction; disagreeable.
displeasure:Annoy; displease.
disposable:An article designed to be thrown away after use.
disposables:An article designed to be thrown away after use.
disposal:The action or process of throwing away or getting rid of something.
disposals:The action or process of getting rid of something.
dispose:Get rid of by throwing away or giving or selling to someone else.
disposed:Inclined or willing.
disposes:Get rid of by throwing away or giving or selling to someone else.
disposing:Get rid of by throwing away or giving or selling to someone else.
disposition:A person's inherent qualities of mind and character.
dispositions:A person's inherent qualities of mind and character.
dispossess:Deprive (someone) of land, property, or other possessions.
dispossessed:Deprive (someone) of land, property, or other possessions.
disproportionate:Too large or too small in comparison with something else.
disprove:Prove that (something) is false.
disproved:Prove that (something) is false.
disproves:Prove that (something) is false.
disproving:Prove that (something) is false.
disputable:Not established as a fact, and so open to question or debate.
disputation:Debate or argument.
dispute:Argue about (something); discuss heatedly.
disputed:Argue about (something)
disputes:Argue about (something)
disputing:Argue about (something)
disqualified:(of a person) declared ineligible for an office, activity, or competition because of an offense or infringement.
disqualifies:Declare (someone) ineligible for an office, activity, or competition because of an offence or infringement.
disqualify:Pronounce (someone) ineligible for an office, activity, or competition because of an offense or infringement.
disqualifying:Declare (someone) ineligible for an office, activity, or competition because of an offence or infringement.
disquiet:Make (someone) worried or uneasy.
disquieting:Inducing feelings of anxiety or worry.
disquisition:A long or elaborate essay or discussion on a particular subject.
disquisitions:A long or elaborate essay or discussion on a particular subject.
disregard:Pay no attention to; ignore.
disregarded:Pay no attention to; ignore.
disregarding:Pay no attention to; ignore.
disregards:Pay no attention to; ignore.
disrepair:Poor condition of a building or structure due to neglect.
disreputable:Not considered to be respectable in character or appearance.
disrepute:The state of being held in low esteem by the public.
disrespect:Show a lack of respect for; insult.
disrespectful:Showing a lack of respect or courtesy; impolite.
disrespects:Show a lack of respect for; insult.
disrobe:Take off one's clothes.
disrobing:Take off one's clothes.
disrupt:Interrupt (an event, activity, or process) by causing a disturbance or problem.
disrupted:Interrupt (an event, activity, or process) by causing a disturbance or problem.
disrupting:Interrupt (an event, activity, or process) by causing a disturbance or problem.
disruption:Disturbance or problems which interrupt an event, activity, or process.
disruptions:Disturbance or problems which interrupt an event, activity, or process.
disruptive:Causing or tending to cause disruption.
disruptor:A person or thing that interrupts an event, activity, or process by causing a disturbance or problem.
disrupts:Interrupt (an event, activity, or process) by causing a disturbance or problem.
dissatisfaction:Lack of satisfaction.
dissatisfactions:Lack of satisfaction.
dissatisfied:Not content or happy with something.
dissatisfies:Fail to satisfy (someone)
dissatisfy:Fail to satisfy (someone)
dissatisfying:Fail to satisfy (someone)
dissect:Methodically cut up (a body, part, or plant) in order to study its internal parts.
dissected:Having been cut up for anatomical study.
dissecting:Methodically cut up (a body or plant) in order to study its internal parts.
dissection:The action of dissecting a body or plant to study its internal parts.
dissections:The action of dissecting a body or plant to study its internal parts.
dissects:Methodically cut up (a body or plant) in order to study its internal parts.
dissemble:Conceal one's true motives, feelings, or beliefs.
dissembled:Conceal or disguise one's true feelings or beliefs.
dissembling:Conceal or disguise one's true feelings or beliefs.
disseminate:Spread (something, especially information) widely.
disseminated:Having spread throughout an organ or the body.
disseminating:Spread (something, especially information) widely.
dissemination:The action or fact of spreading something, especially information, widely.
dissension:Disagreement that leads to discord.
dissensions:Disagreement that leads to discord.
dissent:The expression or holding of opinions at variance with those previously, commonly, or officially held.
dissented:Hold or express opinions that are at variance with those commonly or officially held.
dissenter:A person who dissents.
dissenters:A person who dissents.
dissenting:Holding or expressing opinions that are at variance with those commonly or officially held.
dissertation:A long essay on a particular subject, especially one written as a requirement for the Doctor of Philosophy degree.
dissertations:A long essay on a particular subject, especially one written for a university degree or diploma.
disservice:A harmful action.
dissidence:Protest against official policy; dissent.
dissident:A person who opposes official policy, especially that of an authoritarian state.
dissidents:A person who opposes official policy, especially that of an authoritarian state.
dissimilar:Not alike; different.
dissimilarities:Difference; variance.
dissimilarity:Difference; variance.
dissimulation:Concealment of one's thoughts, feelings, or character; pretense.
dissipate:(with reference to a feeling or other intangible thing) disappear or cause to disappear.
dissipated:(of a person or way of life) overindulging in sensual pleasures.
dissipates:(with reference to a feeling or emotion) disappear or cause to disappear.
dissipating:(with reference to a feeling or emotion) disappear or cause to disappear.
dissipation:Dissipated living.
dissociate:Disconnect or separate (used especially in abstract contexts)
dissociated:(especially in abstract contexts) disconnect or separate.
dissociating:(especially in abstract contexts) disconnect or separate.
dissociation:The disconnection or separation of something from something else or the state of being disconnected.
dissociative:Causing disconnection or separation.
dissolute:Lax in morals; licentious.
dissolution:The closing down or dismissal of an assembly, partnership, or official body.
dissolve:(with reference to a solid) become or cause to become incorporated into a liquid so as to form a solution.
dissolved:(with reference to a solid) become or cause to become incorporated into a liquid so as to form a solution.
dissolves:(with reference to a solid) become or cause to become incorporated into a liquid so as to form a solution.
dissolving:(with reference to a solid) become or cause to become incorporated into a liquid so as to form a solution.
dissonance:Lack of harmony among musical notes.
dissonances:Lack of harmony among musical notes.
dissonant:Lacking harmony.
dissuade:Persuade (someone) not to take a particular course of action.
dissuaded:Persuade (someone) not to take a particular course of action.
dissuades:Persuade (someone) not to take a particular course of action.
dissuading:Persuade (someone) not to take a particular course of action.
distaff:A stick or spindle onto which wool or flax is wound for spinning.
distal:Situated away from the center of the body or from the point of attachment.
distance:Make (someone or something) far off or remote in position or nature.
distanced:Make (someone or something) far off or remote in position or nature.
distances:Make (someone or something) far off or remote in position or nature.
distancing:Make (someone or something) far off or remote in position or nature.
distant:Far away in space or time.
distantly:Far away.
distaste:Mild dislike or aversion.
distasteful:Causing dislike or disgust; offensive; unpleasant.
distempered:Emotionally or psychologically disturbed.
distended:Swollen due to pressure from inside; bloated.
distil:Purify (a liquid) by heating it so that it vaporizes, then cooling and condensing the vapour and collecting the resulting liquid.
distillation:The action of purifying a liquid by a process of heating and cooling.
distillations:The action of purifying a liquid by a process of heating and cooling.
distilled:(of a liquid) having been purified by undergoing heating and condensation.
distilling:The process of making spirits or an essence by distilling.
distils:Purify (a liquid) by heating it so that it vaporizes, then cooling and condensing the vapour and collecting the resulting liquid.
distinct:Recognizably different in nature from something else of a similar type.
distinction:A difference or contrast between similar things or people.
distinctions:A difference or contrast between similar things or people.
distinctive:Characteristic of one person or thing, and so serving to distinguish it from others.
distinctly:In a way that is readily distinguishable by the senses; clearly.
distinguish:Recognize or treat (someone or something) as different.
distinguishable:Clear enough to be recognized or identified as different; discernible.
distinguished:Successful, authoritative, and commanding great respect.
distinguishes:Recognize or treat (someone or something) as different.
distinguishing:Characteristic of one thing or person, so serving to identify it; distinctive.
distort:Pull or twist out of shape.
distorted:Pulled or twisted out of shape; contorted.
distorting:Pull or twist out of shape.
distortion:The action of distorting or the state of being distorted.
distortions:The action of distorting or the state of being distorted.
distorts:Pull or twist out of shape.
distract:Prevent (someone) from giving full attention to something.
distracted:Unable to concentrate because one's mind is preoccupied.
distracting:Preventing concentration or diverting attention; disturbing.
distraction:A thing that prevents someone from giving full attention to something else.
distractions:A thing that prevents someone from concentrating on something else.
distracts:Prevent (someone) from concentrating on something.
distraught:Deeply upset and agitated.
distress:Cause (someone) anxiety, sorrow, or pain.
distressed:Suffering from anxiety, sorrow, or pain.
distresses:Cause (someone) anxiety, sorrow, or pain.
distressing:Causing anxiety, sorrow or pain; upsetting.
distribute:Give shares of (something); deal out.
distributed:Shared or spread out.
distributes:Give a share or a unit of (something) to each of a number of recipients.
distributing:Give a share or a unit of (something) to each of a number of recipients.
distribution:The action of sharing something out among a number of recipients.
distributions:The action of sharing something out among a number of recipients.
distributive:A distributive word.
distributors:An agent who supplies goods to retailers.
district:Divide into districts.
districts:Divide into areas.
distrust:Doubt the honesty or reliability of; regard with suspicion.
distrusted:Doubt the honesty or reliability of; regard with suspicion.
distrustful:Feeling or showing distrust of someone or something.
distrusting:Doubt the honesty or reliability of; regard with suspicion.
distrusts:Doubt the honesty or reliability of; regard with suspicion.
disturb:Interfere with the normal arrangement or functioning of.
disturbance:The interruption of a settled and peaceful condition.
disturbed:Having had its normal pattern or function disrupted.
disturbing:Causing anxiety; worrying.
disturbs:Interfere with the normal arrangement or functioning of.
disulphide:A sulphide containing two atoms of sulphur in its molecule or empirical formula.
disunion:The breaking up of something such as a federation.
disunite:Cause (a group) to break up or separate.
disunity:Disagreement and conflict within a group.
disuse:The state of not being used.
disused:No longer being used.
disyllabic:(of a word or metrical foot) consisting of two syllables.
disyllable:A word or metrical foot consisting of two syllables.
ditch:Provide with ditches.
ditched:Provide with a ditch or ditches.
ditches:Provide with a ditch or ditches.
ditching:The construction or repair of ditches.
dither:Be indecisive.
dithered:(of a color image or print) appearing to contain more colors than are really available.
dithering:Be indecisive.
dithers:Be indecisive.
ditto:The same thing again (used in lists and accounts and often indicated by a ditto mark under the word or figure to be repeated).
diuresis:Increased or excessive production of urine.
diuretic:A diuretic drug.
diuretics:A diuretic drug.
diurnal:Of or during the day.
diva:A famous female opera singer.
divan:A long low sofa without a back or arms, typically placed against a wall.
divans:A bed consisting of a base and mattress but no footboard or headboard.
dive:Plunge head first into water.
dived:Plunge head first into water with one's arms raised over one's head.
diver:A person who dives as a sport.
diverge:(of a road, route, or line) separate from another route, especially a main one, and go in a different direction.
diverged:(of a road, route, or line) separate from another route and go in a different direction.
divergence:The process or state of diverging.
divergent:Tending to be different or develop in different directions.
diverges:(of a road, route, or line) separate from another route and go in a different direction.
diverging:(of paths or lines) going in different directions; separating.
divers:Of varying types; several.
diverse:Showing a great deal of variety; very different.
diversified:Make or become more diverse or varied.
diversifies:Make or become more diverse or varied.
diversify:Make or become more diverse or varied.
diversifying:Make or become more diverse or varied.
diversion:An instance of turning something aside from its course.
diversionary:Intended to distract attention from something more important.
diversities:The state of being diverse; variety.
diversity:The state of being diverse; variety.
divert:Cause (someone or something) to change course or turn from one direction to another.
diverted:Cause (someone or something) to change course or turn from one direction to another.
diverticular:Relating to diverticula.
diverting:Entertaining or amusing.
diverts:Cause (someone or something) to change course or turn from one direction to another.
dives:Used to refer to a typical or hypothetical rich man.
divest:Deprive (someone) of power, rights, or possessions.
divested:Deprive someone of (power, rights, or possessions)
divesting:Deprive someone of (power, rights, or possessions)
divide:Separate or be separated into parts.
divided:Split into parts; separated.
dividend:A sum of money paid regularly (typically quarterly) by a company to its shareholders out of its profits (or reserves).
dividends:A sum of money paid regularly (typically annually) by a company to its shareholders out of its profits (or reserves).
divides:Separate or be separated into parts.
dividing:Separate or be separated into parts.
divination:The practice of seeking knowledge of the future or the unknown by supernatural means.
divine:A cleric or theologian.
divined:A cleric or theologian.
divines:A cleric or theologian.
divinest:A cleric or theologian.
diving:The sport or activity of swimming or exploring underwater.
divining:A cleric or theologian.
divinity:The state or quality of being divine.
division:The action of separating something into parts or the process of being separated.
divisions:The action of separating something into parts or the process of being separated.
divisive:Tending to cause disagreement or hostility between people.
divisor:A number by which another number is to be divided.
divisors:A number by which another number is to be divided.
divorce:Legally dissolve one's marriage with (someone)
divorced:No longer married because the marriage has been legally dissolved.
divorcee:A divorced person.
divorcees:A divorced person.
divorces:Legally dissolve one's marriage with (someone)
divorcing:Legally dissolve one's marriage with (someone)
divulge:Make known (private or sensitive information)
divulged:Make known (private or sensitive information)
divulges:Make known (private or sensitive information)
divulging:Make known (private or sensitive information)
dizzier:Make (someone) feel unsteady, confused, or amazed.
dizziest:Make (someone) feel unsteady, confused, or amazed.
dizzy:Make (someone) feel unsteady, confused, or amazed.
dizzying:Causing someone to feel unsteady, confused, or amazed.
do:Perform (an action, the precise nature of which is often unspecified)
doberman:A large dog of a German breed with powerful jaws and a smooth coat, typically black with tan markings.
doc:Doctor.
docile:Ready to accept control or instruction; submissive.
dock:A structure extending alongshore or out from the shore into a body of water, to which boats may be moored.
docked:(of a ship) come into a dock and tie up at a wharf.
docker:another term for longshoreman
dockers:A person employed in a port to load and unload ships.
docket:Enter (a case or suit) onto a list of those due to be heard.
dockets:Mark (a consignment or package) with a document or label listing the contents.
docking:(of a ship) come into a dock and tie up at a wharf.
dockland:The area containing a city's docks.
docklands:The area containing a city's docks.
docks:(of a ship) come into a dock and tie up at a wharf.
dockside:The area immediately adjacent to a dock.
doctor:Change the content or appearance of (a document or picture) in order to deceive; falsify.
doctoral:Relating to or designed to achieve a doctorate.
doctorate:The highest degree awarded by a graduate school or other approved educational organization.
doctored:Change the content or appearance of (a document or picture) in order to deceive; falsify.
doctoring:The action of changing the content or appearance of a document or picture in order to deceive; falsification.
doctors:Change the content or appearance of (a document or picture) in order to deceive; falsify.
doctrinaire:A person who seeks to impose a doctrine without regard to practical considerations.
doctrine:A belief or set of beliefs held and taught by a Church, political party, or other group.
doctrines:A belief or set of beliefs held and taught by a Church, political party, or other group.
document:Record (something) in written, photographic, or other form.
documentaries:A film or television or radio programme that provides a factual report on a particular subject.
documentary:A movie or a television or radio program that provides a factual record or report.
documentation:Material that provides official information or evidence or that serves as a record.
documented:Record (something) in written, photographic, or other form.
documenting:Record (something) in written, photographic, or other form.
documents:Record (something) in written, photographic, or other form.
dodecahedra:A three-dimensional shape having twelve plane faces, in particular a regular solid figure with twelve equal pentagonal faces.
dodecahedron:A three-dimensional shape having twelve plane faces, in particular a regular solid figure with twelve equal pentagonal faces.
dodge:Avoid (someone or something) by a sudden quick movement.
dodged:Avoid (someone or something) by a sudden quick movement.
dodgem:another term for bumper car
dodgems:A small electrically powered car with rubber bumpers all round, driven in an enclosure at a funfair with the aim of bumping into other such cars.
dodger:A person who engages in cunning tricks or dishonest practices to avoid something unpleasant.
dodges:Avoid (someone or something) by a sudden quick movement.
dodgier:Dishonest or unreliable.
dodging:Avoid (someone or something) by a sudden quick movement.
dodgy:Dishonest or unreliable.
dodo:An extinct flightless bird with a stout body, stumpy wings, a large head, and a heavy hooked bill. It was found on Mauritius until the end of the 17th century.
doe:A female deer.
doer:The person who does something.
doers:The person who does something.
does:Perform (an action, the precise nature of which is often unspecified)
doffed:Remove (an item of clothing).
doffing:Remove (an item of clothing).
dog:Follow (someone or their movements) closely and persistently.
doge:The chief magistrate of Venice or Genoa.
dogfish:A small sand-colored bottom-dwelling shark with a long tail, common on European coasts.
dogged:Having or showing tenacity and grim persistence.
doggerel:Comic verse composed in irregular rhythm.
dogging:The practice of watching or engaging in exhibitionist sexual activity in a public place.
dogma:A principle or set of principles laid down by an authority as incontrovertibly true.
dogmas:A principle or set of principles laid down by an authority as incontrovertibly true.
dogmatic:Inclined to lay down principles as incontrovertibly true.
dogmatism:The tendency to lay down principles as incontrovertibly true, without consideration of evidence or the opinions of others.
dogs:Follow (someone) closely and persistently.
dogsbody:A person who is given boring, menial tasks to do.
doily:A small ornamental mat made of lace or paper with a lace pattern, typically placed on a plate under a cake or other sweet foods.
doing:The activities in which a particular person engages.
doings:The activities in which a particular person engages.
doldrums:A state or period of inactivity, stagnation, or depression.
dole:Distribute shares of something.
doled:Distribute shares of something.
doleful:Expressing sorrow; mournful.
dolerite:A dark, medium-grained igneous rock, typically with ophitic texture, containing plagioclase, pyroxene, and olivine. It typically occurs in dikes and sills.
doles:Distribute shares of something.
doling:Distribute shares of something.
doll:Dress someone or oneself smartly and attractively.
dollar:The basic monetary unit of the US, Canada, Australia, and certain countries in the Pacific, Caribbean, Southeast Asia, Africa, and South America.
dollars:The basic monetary unit of the US, Canada, Australia, and certain countries in the Pacific, Caribbean, SE Asia, Africa, and South America.
dolled:Dress someone smartly and attractively.
dollop:Add (a shapeless mass or blob of something) casually and without measuring.
dolls:Dress someone smartly and attractively.
dolmen:A megalithic tomb with a large flat stone laid on upright ones, found chiefly in Britain and France.
dolomite:A translucent mineral consisting of a carbonate of calcium and magnesium.
dolorous:Feeling or expressing great sorrow or distress.
dolphin:A small gregarious toothed whale that typically has a beaklike snout and a curved fin on the back. Dolphins have become well known for their sociable nature and high intelligence.
dolphinarium:An aquarium in which dolphins are kept and trained for public entertainment.
dolt:A stupid person.
domain:An area of territory owned or controlled by a ruler or government.
domains:An area of territory owned or controlled by a particular ruler or government.
dome:A rounded vault forming the roof of a building or structure, typically with a circular base.
domed:Covered with or shaped like a rounded vault.
domes:A rounded vault forming the roof of a building or structure, typically with a circular base.
domestic:A person who is paid to help with menial tasks such as cleaning.
domestically:In a way that relates to the running of a home or to family relations.
domesticated:(of an animal) tame and kept as a pet or on a farm.
domestics:A person who is paid to help with cleaning and other menial tasks in a person's home.
domicile:Treat a specified country as a permanent home.
domiciled:Treat a specified country as a permanent home.
dominance:Power and influence over others.
dominant:A dominant trait or gene.
dominate:Have a commanding influence on; exercise control over.
dominated:Have power and influence over.
dominates:Have power and influence over.
dominating:Have power and influence over.
domination:The exercise of control or influence over someone or something, or the state of being so controlled.
domineer:Assert one's will over another in an arrogant way.
domineered:Assert one's will over another in an arrogant way.
domineering:Asserting one's will over another in an arrogant way.
dominion:Sovereignty or control.
dominions:Sovereignty or control.
don:A Spanish title prefixed to a male forename.A Spanish gentleman; a Spaniard.A high-ranking member of the Mafia.
donate:Give (money or goods) for a good cause, for example to a charity.
donated:Give (money or goods) for a good cause, for example to a charity.
donates:Give (money or goods) for a good cause, for example to a charity.
donating:Give (money or goods) for a good cause, for example to a charity.
donation:Something that is given to a charity, especially a sum of money.
donations:Something that is given to a charity, especially a sum of money.
done:Used with a standard past tense verb to indicate absoluteness or completion.
donga:A dry gully, formed by the eroding action of running water.
donkey:A domesticated hoofed mammal of the horse family with long ears and a braying call, used as a beast of burden; an ass.
donkeys:A domesticated hoofed mammal of the horse family with long ears and a braying call, used as a beast of burden; an ass.
donned:A university teacher, especially a senior member of a college at Oxford or Cambridge.
donning:A university teacher, especially a senior member of a college at Oxford or Cambridge.
donor:A person who donates something, especially money to a fund or charity.
donors:A person who donates something, especially money to charity.
dons:A university teacher, especially a senior member of a college at Oxford or Cambridge.
donut:A small fried cake of sweetened dough, typically in the shape of a ball or ring.
doodle:Scribble absentmindedly.
doom:Condemn to certain destruction or death.
doomed:Likely to have an unfortunate and inescapable outcome; ill-fated.
dooming:Condemn to certain death or destruction.
dooms:Condemn to certain death or destruction.
door:A hinged, sliding, or revolving barrier at the entrance to a building, room, or vehicle, or in the framework of a cupboard.
doorkeeper:A person on duty at the entrance to a building.
doorkeepers:A person on duty at the entrance to a building.
doornail:A stud set in a door for strength or as an ornament.
doors:A hinged, sliding, or revolving barrier at the entrance to a building, room, or vehicle, or in the framework of a cupboard.
doorstop:A fixed or heavy object that keeps a door open or stops it from banging against a wall.
doorstops:A fixed or heavy object that keeps a door open or stops it from banging against a wall.
dopamine:A compound present in the body as a neurotransmitter and a precursor of other substances including epinephrine.
dope:Administer drugs to (a racehorse, greyhound, or athlete) in order to inhibit or enhance sporting performance.
doped:Administer drugs to (a racehorse, greyhound, or athlete) in order to inhibit or enhance sporting performance.
dopes:Administer drugs to (a racehorse, greyhound, or athlete) in order to inhibit or enhance sporting performance.
dopey:Stupefied by sleep or a drug.
dopier:Stupefied by sleep or a drug.
doping:Administer drugs to (a racehorse, greyhound, or athlete) in order to inhibit or enhance sporting performance.
dopy:Stupefied by sleep or a drug.
dor:A large black dung beetle that makes a droning sound in flight and excavates burrows in which its young develop.
dormant:(of an animal) having normal physical functions suspended or slowed down for a period of time; in or as if in a deep sleep.
dormer:A window that projects vertically from a sloping roof.
dormice:An agile mouse-like rodent with a hairy or bushy tail, found in Africa and Eurasia. Some kinds are noted for spending long periods in hibernation.
dormouse:An agile mouse-like rodent with a hairy or bushy tail, found in Africa and Eurasia. Some kinds are noted for spending long periods in hibernation.
dose:Administer a dose to (a person or animal)
dosed:Administer a dose to (a person or animal)
doses:Administer a dose to (a person or animal)
dosing:Administer a dose to (a person or animal)
dossier:A collection of documents about a particular person, event, or subject.
dossiers:A collection of documents about a particular person, event, or subject.
dot:Mark with a small spot or spots.
dotage:The period of life in which a person is old and weak.
dote:Be extremely and uncritically fond of.
dotes:Be extremely and uncritically fond of.
doting:Extremely and uncritically fond of someone; adoring.
dots:Mark with a small spot or spots.
dotted:Marked with or in the form of dots.
dotting:Mark with a small spot or spots.
dotty:(of a person, action, or idea) somewhat mad or eccentric.
double:Become twice as much or as many.
doublecross:Deceive or betray (a person with whom one is supposedly cooperating)
doublecrossing:Deceive or betray (a person with whom one is supposedly cooperating)
doubled:Become twice as much or as many.
doubles:Become twice as much or as many.
doubling:Become twice as much or as many.
doubly:To twice the normal extent or degree; especially.
doubt:Feel uncertain about.
doubted:Feel uncertain about.
doubter:A person who questions or lacks faith in something; a skeptic.
doubters:A person who questions or lacks faith in something; a sceptic.
doubtful:Feeling uncertain about something.
doubting:Expressing or feeling uncertainty or lack of conviction; skeptical.
doubtless:Used to indicate the speaker's belief that a statement is certain to be true given what is known about the situation.
doubts:Feel uncertain about.
douche:Spray or shower with water.
douching:Spray or shower with water.
dough:A thick, malleable mixture of flour and liquid, used for baking into bread or pastry.
doughty:Brave and persistent.
dour:Relentlessly severe, stern, or gloomy in manner or appearance.
douse:Pour a liquid over; drench.
doused:Pour a liquid over; drench.
dousing:Pour a liquid over; drench.
dove:A stocky seed- or fruit-eating bird with a small head, short legs, and a cooing voice. Doves are generally smaller and more delicate than pigeons, but many kinds have been given both names.
dovecot:A shelter with nest holes for domesticated pigeons.
dovecote:A shelter with nest holes for domesticated pigeons.
dover:A ferry port in Kent, in England, on the coast of the English Channel; population 35,200 (est. 2009). It is mainland Britain's nearest point to the Continent, being only 22 miles (35 km) from Calais, France.
doves:A stocky bird with a small head, short legs, and a cooing voice, feeding on seeds or fruit. Doves are generally smaller and more delicate than pigeons, but many kinds have been given both names.
dovetail:Join together by means of a dovetail.
dovetails:Join together by means of a dovetail.
dowdier:(of a person or their clothes) unfashionable and unstylish in appearance (typically used of a woman)
dowdiest:(of a person or their clothes) unfashionable and unstylish in appearance (typically used of a woman)
dowdy:(of a person or their clothes) unfashionable and without style in appearance (typically used of a woman)
dowelling:Cylindrical rods for cutting into dowels.
down:From a higher to a lower point of (something)
downbeat:An accented beat, usually the first of the bar.
downcast:A shaft dug in a mine for extra ventilation.
downed:From a higher to a lower point of (something)
downfall:A loss of power, prosperity, or status.
downgrade:Reduce to a lower grade, rank, or level of importance.
downgraded:Reduce to a lower grade, rank, or level of importance.
downgrades:Reduce to a lower grade, rank, or level of importance.
downgrading:Reduce to a lower grade, rank, or level of importance.
downhearted:Discouraged; in low spirits.
downing:From a higher to a lower point of (something)
downland:Gently rolling hill country, especially in southern England.
downlands:Gently rolling hill country, especially in southern England.
download:Copy (data) from one computer system to another, typically over the internet.
downloaded:(of data) copied from one computer system to another, typically over the internet.
downpipe:A pipe to carry rainwater from a roof to a drain or to ground level.
downpipes:A pipe to carry rainwater from a roof to a drain or to ground level.
downpour:A heavy rainfall.
downpours:A heavy fall of rain.
downright:To an extreme degree; thoroughly.
downs:From a higher to a lower point of (something)
downside:The negative aspect of something otherwise regarded as good or desirable.
downstage:At or toward the front of a stage.
downtrodden:Oppressed or treated badly by people in power.
downward:Toward a lower place, point, or level.
downwardly:Towards a lower level; in a downward direction.
downwards:Towards a lower place, point, or level.
downwind:In the direction in which the wind is blowing.
downy:Covered with fine soft hair or feathers.
dowries:An amount of property or money brought by a bride to her husband on their marriage.
dowry:Property or money brought by a bride to her husband on their marriage.
dowse:Practice dowsing.
dowsing:A technique for searching for underground water, minerals, or anything invisible, by observing the motion of a pointer (traditionally a forked stick, now often paired bent wires) or the changes in direction of a pendulum, supposedly in response to unseen influences.
doze:Sleep lightly.
dozed:Sleep lightly.
dozen:A group or set of twelve.
dozes:Sleep lightly.
dozier:Feeling drowsy and lazy.
dozing:Sleep lightly.
dozy:Drowsy and lazy.
dr:Drachm or drachms.
drab:Fabric of a dull brownish color.
drachm:A unit of weight formerly used by apothecaries, equivalent to 60 grains or one eighth of an ounce.
drachma:A former monetary unit of Greece, notionally equal to 100 lepta, replaced in 2002 by the euro.
drachmas:A former monetary unit of Greece, notionally equal to 100 lepta, replaced in 2002 by the euro.
dracone:A large flexible sausage-shaped container used for transporting oil and other liquids on water.
draconian:(of laws or their application) excessively harsh and severe.
dracula:The Transylvanian vampire in Bram Stoker's novel Dracula (1897).
draft:Prepare a preliminary version of (a document)
drafted:Prepare a preliminary version of (a document)
draftier:(of an enclosed space) cold and uncomfortable because of currents of cool air.
drafting:Prepare a preliminary version of (a document)
drafts:Prepare a preliminary version of (a document)
draftsman:A person who makes detailed technical plans or drawings.
drafty:(of an enclosed space) cold and uncomfortable because of currents of cool air.
drag:Pull (someone or something) along forcefully, roughly, or with difficulty.
dragged:Pull (someone or something) along forcefully, roughly, or with difficulty.
dragging:Pull (someone or something) along forcefully, roughly, or with difficulty.
dragon:A mythical monster like a giant reptile. In European tradition the dragon is typically fire-breathing and tends to symbolize chaos or evil, whereas in East Asia it is usually a beneficent symbol of fertility, associated with water and the heavens.
dragonfly:A fast-flying long-bodied predatory insect with two pairs of large transparent wings which are spread out sideways at rest. The voracious aquatic larvae take up to five years to reach adulthood.
dragons:A mythical monster like a giant reptile. In European tradition the dragon is typically fire-breathing and tends to symbolize chaos or evil, whereas in East Asia it is usually a beneficent symbol of fertility, associated with water and the heavens.
dragoon:Coerce (someone) into doing something.
dragooned:Coerce (someone) into doing something.
dragoons:Coerce (someone) into doing something.
drags:Pull (someone or something) along forcefully, roughly, or with difficulty.
drain:Cause the water or other liquid in (something) to run out, leaving it empty, dry, or drier.
drained:Cause the water or other liquid in (something) to run out, leaving it empty or dry.
drainer:A device used to drain things.
draining:Cause the water or other liquid in (something) to run out, leaving it empty or dry.
drains:Cause the water or other liquid in (something) to run out, leaving it empty or dry.
drake:A male duck.
drakes:A male duck.
dram:A small drink of whisky or other spirits.
drama:A play for theater, radio, or television.
dramas:A play for theatre, radio, or television.
dramatic:Relating to drama or the performance or study of drama.
dramatise:Adapt (a novel) or present (a particular incident) as a play or film.
dramatised:Adapt (a novel) or present (a particular incident) as a play or film.
dramatising:Adapt (a novel) or present (a particular incident) as a play or film.
dramatist:A person who writes plays.
dramatists:A person who writes plays.
drank:A drink, especially of an alcoholic beverage.
drape:Arrange (cloth or clothing) loosely or casually on or around something.
draped:Arrange (cloth or clothing) loosely or casually on or round something.
draper:A person who sells cloth and dry goods.
drapers:A person who sells textile fabrics.
drapes:Arrange (cloth or clothing) loosely or casually on or round something.
draping:Arrange (cloth or clothing) loosely or casually on or round something.
drastic:Likely to have a strong or far-reaching effect; radical and extreme.
drastically:In a way that is likely to have a strong or far-reaching effect.
draughtier:(of an enclosed space) cold and uncomfortable because of currents of cool air.
draughtiest:(of an enclosed space) cold and uncomfortable because of currents of cool air.
draughts:A game for two players, with twelve pieces each, played on a checkerboard; checkers.
draughtsman:A person who makes detailed technical plans or drawings.
draughtsmen:A person who makes detailed technical plans or drawings.
draughty:(of an enclosed space) cold and uncomfortable because of currents of cool air.
draw:Produce (a picture or diagram) by making lines and marks, especially with a pen or pencil, on paper.
drawback:A feature that renders something less acceptable; a disadvantage or problem.
drawbacks:A feature that renders something less acceptable; a disadvantage or problem.
drawbridge:A bridge, especially one over a castle's moat, that is hinged at one end so that it may be raised to prevent people's crossing or to allow vessels to pass under it.
drawbridges:A bridge, especially one over a castle's moat, which is hinged at one end so that it may be raised to prevent people crossing or to allow vessels to pass under it.
drawees:The person or organization, typically a bank, who must pay a draft or bill.
drawer:A box-shaped storage compartment without a lid, made to slide horizontally in and out of a desk, chest, or other piece of furniture.
drawing:A picture or diagram made with a pencil, pen, or crayon rather than paint.
drawings:A picture or diagram made with a pencil, pen, or crayon rather than paint.
drawl:Speak in a slow, lazy way with prolonged vowel sounds.
drawled:Speak in a slow, lazy way with prolonged vowel sounds.
drawling:Speak in a slow, lazy way with prolonged vowel sounds.
drawls:Speak in a slow, lazy way with prolonged vowel sounds.
drawn:past participle of draw
draws:Produce (a picture or diagram) by making lines and marks on paper with a pencil, pen, etc.
dread:Anticipate with great apprehension or fear.
dreaded:Regarded with great fear or apprehension.
dreadful:Causing or involving great suffering, fear, or unhappiness; extremely bad or serious.
dreadfully:Extremely.
dreading:Anticipate with great apprehension or fear.
dreads:Anticipate with great apprehension or fear.
dream:A series of thoughts, images, and sensations occurring in a person's mind during sleep.
dreamed:Experience dreams during sleep.
dreamer:A person who dreams or is dreaming.
dreamers:A person who dreams or is dreaming.
dreamier:Having a magical or pleasantly unreal quality; dreamlike.
dreamiest:Having a magical or pleasantly unreal quality; dreamlike.
dreaming:Experience dreams during sleep.
dreamland:Sleep regarded as a world of dreams.
dreamlike:Having the qualities of a dream; unreal.
dreams:Experience dreams during sleep.
dreamt:Experience dreams during sleep.
dreamy:Having a magical or pleasantly unreal quality; dreamlike.
drearier:Depressingly dull and bleak or repetitive.
dreariest:Depressingly dull and bleak or repetitive.
dreary:Dull, bleak, and lifeless; depressing.
dredge:Clean out the bed of (a harbor, river, or other area of water) by scooping out mud, weeds, and rubbish with a dredge.
dregs:The remnants of a liquid left in a container, together with any sediment or grounds.
drench:Wet thoroughly; soak.
drenched:Wet thoroughly; soak.
drenches:Wet thoroughly; soak.
drenching:Wet thoroughly; soak.
dress:Put on one's clothes.
dressage:The art of riding and training a horse in a manner that develops obedience, flexibility, and balance.
dressed:(of a person) wearing clothes; not naked or in underwear, sleepwear, etc.
dresses:Put on one's clothes.
dressing:A sauce for salads, typically one consisting of oil and vinegar mixed together with herbs or other flavorings.Stuffing.
dressings:A sauce for salads, typically one consisting of oil and vinegar with herbs or other flavourings.Stuffing.
dressmaker:A person whose job is making women's clothes.
dressmakers:A person whose job is making women's clothes.
dressy:(of clothes) suitable for a festive or formal occasion.
drew:Produce (a picture or diagram) by making lines and marks on paper with a pencil, pen, etc.
dribble:(of a liquid) fall slowly in drops or a thin stream.
dribbled:(of a liquid) fall slowly in drops or a thin stream.
dribbles:(of a liquid) fall slowly in drops or a thin stream.
dribbling:(of a liquid) fall slowly in drops or a thin stream.
dried:Preserved by removal or evaporation of moisture.
drier:Become dry.
driers:A machine or device for drying something, especially the hair or laundry.
dries:Become dry.
drift:Be carried slowly by a current of air or water.
drifted:Be carried slowly by a current of air or water.
drifter:A person who is continually moving from place to place, without any fixed home or job.
drifters:A person who is continually moving from place to place, without any fixed home or job.
drifting:Carried slowly by a current of air or water.
drifts:Be carried slowly by a current of air or water.
drill:Produce (a hole) in something by or as if by boring with a drill.
drilled:Produce (a hole) in something by or as if by boring with a drill.
drilling:The action of making a hole in something by boring with a drill.
drills:Produce (a hole) in something by or as if by boring with a drill.
drily:In a matter-of-fact or ironically humorous way.
drink:Take (a liquid) into the mouth and swallow.
drinkable:(of a liquid) fit to drink; potable.
drinker:A person who drinks a particular drink.
drinkers:A person who drinks a particular drink.
drinking:The action or habit of consuming alcohol.
drinks:Take (a liquid) into the mouth and swallow.
drip:Let fall or be so wet as to shed small drops of liquid.
dripped:Let fall or be so wet as to shed small drops of liquid.
dripping:Fat that has melted and dripped from roasting meat, used in cooking.
drips:Let fall or be so wet as to shed small drops of liquid.
drivable:(of a motor vehicle) able to be driven.
drive:Operate and control the direction and speed of a motor vehicle.
drivel:Nonsense.
drivelled:Talk nonsense.
drivelling:Talk nonsense.
drivels:Talk nonsense.
driven:past participle of drive
driver:A person who drives a vehicle.
driverless:(of a vehicle) capable of traveling without input from a human operator, by means of computer systems working in conjunction with on-board sensors.
drivers:A person who drives a vehicle.
drives:Operate and control the direction and speed of a motor vehicle.
driving:The control and operation of a motor vehicle.
drizzle:Light rain falling in very fine drops.
drizzled:Rain lightly.
drizzles:Rain lightly.
drizzling:Rain lightly.
droll:A jester or entertainer; a buffoon.
droller:A jester or entertainer; a buffoon.
drollest:A jester or entertainer; a buffoon.
dromedaries:An Arabian camel, especially one of a light and swift breed trained for riding or racing.
dromedary:An Arabian one-humped camel, especially one of a light and swift breed trained for riding or racing.
drone:Make a continuous low humming sound.
droned:Make a continuous low humming sound.
drones:Make a continuous low humming sound.
droning:Make a continuous low humming sound.
drool:Drop saliva uncontrollably from the mouth.
drooled:Drop saliva uncontrollably from the mouth.
drooling:Drop saliva uncontrollably from the mouth.
drools:Drop saliva uncontrollably from the mouth.
droop:Bend or hang downward limply.
drooped:Bend or hang downwards limply.
droopier:Hanging down limply; drooping.
droopiest:Hanging down limply; drooping.
drooping:Bend or hang downwards limply.
droops:Bend or hang downwards limply.
droopy:Hanging down limply; drooping.
drop:Let or make (something) fall vertically.
dropout:A person who has abandoned a course of study or who has rejected conventional society to pursue an alternative lifestyle.
dropouts:A person who has abandoned a course of study or who has rejected conventional society to pursue an alternative lifestyle.
dropped:Having fallen or been allowed to fall vertically.
dropping:Let or make (something) fall vertically.
droppings:The excrement of certain animals, such as rodents, sheep, birds, and insects.
drops:Let or make (something) fall vertically.
dross:Something regarded as worthless; rubbish.
drought:A prolonged period of abnormally low rainfall, leading to a shortage of water.
droughts:A prolonged period of abnormally low rainfall, leading to a shortage of water.
drove:past of drive
droves:past of drive
droving:past of drive
drown:Die through submersion in and inhalation of water.
drowned:Die through submersion in and inhalation of water.
drowning:Die through submersion in and inhalation of water.
drowns:Die through submersion in and inhalation of water.
drowse:Be half asleep; doze intermittently.
drowsed:Be half asleep; doze intermittently.
drowses:Be half asleep; doze intermittently.
drowsier:Sleepy and lethargic; half asleep.
drowsiest:Sleepy and lethargic; half asleep.
drowsiness:A feeling of being sleepy and lethargic; sleepiness.
drowsy:Sleepy and lethargic; half asleep.
drub:Hit or beat (someone) repeatedly.
drubbing:A beating; a thrashing.
drudge:A person made to do hard menial or dull work.
drudgery:Hard menial or dull work.
drudges:Do hard menial work.
drug:Administer a drug to (someone) in order to induce stupor or insensibility.
drugged:(of a person) unconscious or in a stupor as a result of taking or being given a drug.
drugging:Administer a drug to (someone) in order to induce stupor or insensibility.
drugs:Administer a drug to (someone) in order to induce stupor or insensibility.
drum:A percussion instrument sounded by being struck with sticks or the hands, typically cylindrical, barrel-shaped, or bowl-shaped, with a taut membrane over one or both ends.
drummed:Play on a drum or drums.
drumming:The action of playing a drum or drums.
drums:Play on a drum or drums.
drunk:A person who is drunk or who habitually drinks to excess.
drunken:Drunk or intoxicated.
drunkenness:The state of being intoxicated; intoxication.
drunker:A person who is drunk or who habitually drinks to excess.
drunks:A person who is drunk or who habitually drinks to excess.
dry:Become dry.
dryer:A machine or device for drying something, especially the hair or laundry.
dryers:A machine or device for drying something, especially the hair or laundry.
drying:Become dry.
dryly:In a matter-of-fact or ironically humorous way.
drystone:(of a stone wall) built without using mortar.
dual:A dual form of a word.
dualities:The quality or condition of being dual.
duality:The quality or condition of being dual.
duals:Convert (a road) into a dual carriageway.
dub:Give an unofficial name or nickname to (someone or something)
dubbed:Give an unofficial name or nickname to.
dubbing:Material used for the bodies of artificial fishing flies, especially fur or wool on waxed silk.
dubious:Hesitating or doubting.
dublin:The capital city of the Republic of Ireland, on the Irish Sea at the mouth of the Liffey River; population 506,211 (2006).
dubs:Give an unofficial name or nickname to.
duce:The title assumed by Benito Mussolini in 1922.
duchesses:The wife or widow of a duke.
duchies:The territory of a duke or duchess; a dukedom.
duchy:The territory of a duke or duchess; a dukedom.
duck:A waterbird with a broad blunt bill, short legs, webbed feet, and a waddling gait.
duckbill:An animal with jaws resembling a duck's bill, e.g. a platypus or a duck-billed dinosaur.
duckboards:A board consisting of a number of wooden slats joined together, placed so as to form a path over muddy ground or in a trench.
ducked:A waterbird with a broad blunt bill, short legs, webbed feet, and a waddling gait.
ducking:A waterbird with a broad blunt bill, short legs, webbed feet, and a waddling gait.
duckling:A young duck.
ducklings:A young duck.
ducks:A waterbird with a broad blunt bill, short legs, webbed feet, and a waddling gait.
duct:Convey through a duct.
ducted:Convey through a duct.
ductile:(of a metal) able to be drawn out into a thin wire.
ducting:A system of ducts.
ducts:Convey through a duct.
dud:A thing that fails to work properly or is otherwise unsatisfactory or worthless.
dude:A man; a guy.
duds:Trick or swindle (someone)
due:(with reference to a point of the compass) exactly; directly.
duel:A contest with deadly weapons arranged between two people in order to settle a point of honor.
duelled:Fight a duel or duels.
dueller:A person who fights a duel or duels.
duellers:A person who fights a duel or duels.
duelling:Fight a duel or duels.
duellist:A person who fights a duel or duels.
duels:Fight a duel or duels.
dues:(with reference to a point of the compass) exactly; directly.
duet:A performance by two people, especially singers, instrumentalists, or dancers.
duff:A flour pudding boiled or steamed in a cloth bag.
dug:past and past participle of dig
duiker:A small African antelope that typically has a tuft of hair between the horns, found mainly in the rainforest.
duke:A male holding the highest hereditary title in the British and certain other peerages.
dukedom:A territory ruled by a duke.
dukedoms:A territory ruled by a duke.
dulcet:(especially of sound) sweet and soothing (often used ironically)
dulcimer:A musical instrument with a sounding board or box, typically trapezoidal in shape, over which strings of graduated length are stretched, played by being struck with handheld hammers.
dull:Make or become dull or less intense.
dullard:A slow or stupid person.
dullards:A slow or stupid person.
dulled:Make or become dull or less intense.
duller:Make or become dull or less intense.
dullest:Make or become dull or less intense.
dulling:Make or become dull or less intense.
dulls:Make or become dull or less intense.
duly:In accordance with what is required or appropriate; following proper procedure or arrangement.
dumb:Make dumb or unheard; silence.
dumbbell:A short bar with a weight at each end, used typically in pairs for exercise or muscle-building.
dumber:Make dumb or unheard; silence.
dumbest:Make dumb or unheard; silence.
dumbfound:Greatly astonish or amaze.
dumbfounded:Greatly astonished or amazed.
dumbfounding:Greatly astonish or amaze.
dumbfounds:Greatly astonish or amaze.
dumfound:Greatly astonish or amaze.
dumfounded:Greatly astonish or amaze.
dumfounding:Greatly astonish or amaze.
dumfounds:Greatly astonish or amaze.
dummied:(chiefly in rugby and soccer) feign a pass or kick in order to deceive an opponent.
dummies:(chiefly in rugby and soccer) feign a pass or kick in order to deceive an opponent.
dummy:Create a mock-up of (a book, document, etc.)
dump:Deposit or dispose of (garbage, waste, or unwanted material), typically in a careless or hurried way.
dumped:Deposit or dispose of (rubbish, waste, or unwanted material), typically in a careless or hurried way.
dumping:Deposit or dispose of (rubbish, waste, or unwanted material), typically in a careless or hurried way.
dumpy:(of a person) short and stout.
dun:A dull grayish-brown color.
dunce:A person who is slow at learning; a stupid person.
dunces:A person who is slow at learning; a stupid person.
dune:A mound or ridge of sand or other loose sediment formed by the wind, especially on the sea coast or in a desert.
dunes:A mound or ridge of sand or other loose sediment formed by the wind, especially on the sea coast or in a desert.
dung:Drop or spread dung on (a piece of ground).
dungeon:Imprison (someone) in a dungeon.
dungeons:Imprison (someone) in a dungeon.
dunghill:A heap of dung or refuse, especially in a farmyard.
dunkirk:A port in northern France; population 70,654 (2006). It was the scene of the evacuation of 335,000 Allied troops in 1940 by warships, requisitioned civilian ships, and a host of small boats while under constant German attack from the air. French name Dunkerque.
duo:A pair of people or things, especially in music or entertainment.
duomo:An Italian cathedral.
duopoly:A situation in which two suppliers dominate the market for a commodity or service.
dupe:Deceive; trick.
duped:Deceive; trick.
dupes:Deceive; trick.
duplicate:Make or be an exact copy of.
duplicated:Make or be an exact copy of.
duplicates:Make or be an exact copy of.
duplicating:Make or be an exact copy of.
duplication:The action or process of duplicating something.
duplicitous:Deceitful.
duplicity:Deceitfulness; double-dealing.
durability:The ability to withstand wear, pressure, or damage.
durable:Able to withstand wear, pressure, or damage; hard-wearing.
durables:Able to withstand wear, pressure, or damage; hard-wearing.
duration:The time during which something continues.
durations:The time during which something continues.
durban:A seaport and resort in South Africa, on the coast of KwaZulu-Natal; population 3,409,100 (est. 2009).
duress:Threats, violence, constraints, or other action brought to bear on someone to do something against their will or better judgment.
during:Throughout the course or duration of (a period of time)
dusk:The darker stage of twilight.
duskier:Darkish in colour.
dusky:Darkish in color.
dust:Remove the dust from the surface of (something) by wiping or brushing it.
dustcart:A vehicle used for collecting household refuse.
dusted:Remove the dust or dirt from the surface of (something) by wiping or brushing it.
duster:A cloth or brush for dusting furniture.
dustier:Covered with, full of, or resembling dust.
dusting:Remove the dust or dirt from the surface of (something) by wiping or brushing it.
dustman:A garbage collector.
dustmen:A man employed to remove household refuse from dustbins.
dustpan:A flat handheld receptacle into which dust and waste can be swept from the floor.
dusts:Remove the dust or dirt from the surface of (something) by wiping or brushing it.
dusty:Covered with, full of, or resembling dust.
dutch:The West Germanic language of the Netherlands.
dutchman:A native or inhabitant of the Netherlands, or a person of Dutch descent.
dutchmen:A male native or inhabitant of the Netherlands, or a man of Dutch descent.
duties:A moral or legal obligation; a responsibility.
dutiful:Conscientiously or obediently fulfilling one's duty.
duty:A moral or legal obligation; a responsibility.
duvet:A soft quilt filled with down, feathers, or a synthetic fiber, used instead of an upper sheet and blankets.
dux:The top pupil in a school or class.
dwarf:Cause to seem small or insignificant in comparison.
dwarfed:Stunted in growth or development.
dwarfing:Cause to seem small or insignificant in comparison.
dwarfs:Cause to seem small or insignificant in comparison.
dwarves:Cause to seem small or insignificant in comparison.
dwell:Live in or at a specified place.
dwelled:Live in or at a specified place.
dwellers:A person or animal that lives in or at a specified place.
dwelling:A house, apartment, or other place of residence.
dwellings:A house, flat, or other place of residence.
dwells:Live in or at a specified place.
dwelt:Live in or at a specified place.
dwindle:Diminish gradually in size, amount, or strength.
dwindled:Diminish gradually in size, amount, or strength.
dwindles:Diminish gradually in size, amount, or strength.
dwindling:Gradually diminishing in size, amount, or strength.
dye:Add a color to or change the color of (something) by soaking it in a solution impregnated with a dye.
dyed:Having been colored with a dye.
dyeing:Add a colour to or change the colour of (something) by soaking it in a solution impregnated with a dye.
dyer:A person whose trade is the dyeing of cloth or other material.
dyers:A person whose trade is the dyeing of cloth or other material.
dyes:Add a colour to or change the colour of (something) by soaking it in a solution impregnated with a dye.
dying:On the point of death.
dynamic:A force that stimulates change or progress within a system or process.
dynamically:In a manner characterized by constant change, activity, or progress.
dynamics:The branch of mechanics concerned with the motion of bodies under the action of forces.
dynamism:The quality of being characterized by vigorous activity and progress.
dynastic:Relating to a line of hereditary rulers of a country.
dynasties:A line of hereditary rulers of a country.
dynasty:A line of hereditary rulers of a country.
dyne:A unit of force that, acting on a mass of one gram, increases its velocity by one centimeter per second every second along the direction that it acts.
dysentery:Infection of the intestines resulting in severe diarrhea with the presence of blood and mucus in the feces.
dysfunction:Abnormality or impairment in the function of a specified bodily organ or system.
dysfunctions:Abnormality or impairment in the operation of a specified bodily organ or system.
dyslexia:A general term for disorders that involve difficulty in learning to read or interpret words, letters, and other symbols, but that do not affect general intelligence.
dyslexic:A person who has dyslexia.
dyslexics:A person who has dyslexia.
dyspeptic:A person who suffers from indigestion or irritability.
dystrophy:A disorder in which an organ or tissue of the body wastes away.
each:Used to refer to every one of two or more people or things, regarded and identified separately.
eager:(of a person) wanting to do or have something very much.
eagerness:Enthusiasm to do or to have something; keenness.
eagle:Play (a hole) in two strokes under par.
eagles:Play (a hole) in two strokes under par.
eaglet:A young eagle.
eaglets:A young eagle.
ear:The organ of hearing and balance in humans and other vertebrates, especially the external part of this.
earache:Pain inside the ear.
earaches:Pain inside the ear.
earholes:The external opening of the ear.
earl:A British nobleman ranking above a viscount and below a marquess.
earldom:The rank or title of an earl.
earldoms:The rank or title of an earl.
earlier:Before the usual or expected time.
earliest:Before the usual or expected time.
earlobe:The soft, fleshy lower part of the external ear.
earlobes:A soft, rounded fleshy part hanging from the lower margin of the ear.
early:Before the usual or expected time.
earmark:Designate (something, typically funds or resources) for a particular purpose.
earmarked:Designate (funds or resources) for a particular purpose.
earmarking:Designate (funds or resources) for a particular purpose.
earn:Obtain (money) in return for labor or services.
earned:Obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
earner:A person who obtains money in return for labor or services.
earners:A person who obtains money of a specified kind or level in return for labour or services.
earnest:Resulting from or showing sincere and intense conviction.
earnestly:With sincere and intense conviction; seriously.
earning:Obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
earnings:Money obtained in return for labor or services.
earns:Obtain (money) in return for labour or services.
earphone:An electrical device worn on the ear to receive radio or telephone communications or to listen to a radio, MP3 player, etc., without other people hearing.
earphones:An electrical device worn on the ear to receive radio or telephone communications or to listen to a radio, MP3 player, etc.
earpiece:The part of a phone, radio receiver, or other aural device that is applied to the ear during use.
earpieces:The part of a phone, radio receiver, or other aural device that is applied to the ear during use.
earplug:A piece of wax, rubber, or cotton placed in the ear as protection against noise or water.
earplugs:A piece of wax, rubber, or cotton wool placed in the ear as protection against noise, water, or cold air.
earring:A piece of jewelry worn on the lobe or edge of the ear.
earrings:A piece of jewellery worn on the lobe or edge of the ear.
ears:The organ of hearing and balance in humans and other vertebrates, especially the external part of this.
earth:Cover the root and lower stem of a plant with heaped-up earth.
earthed:Connect (an electrical device) with the ground.
earthenware:Pottery made of clay fired to a porous state which can be made impervious to liquids by the use of a glaze.
earthing:Connect (an electrical device) with the ground.
earthly:Relating to the earth or human life on the earth.
earthquake:A sudden and violent shaking of the ground, sometimes causing great destruction, as a result of movements within the earth's crust or volcanic action.
earthquakes:A sudden violent shaking of the ground, typically causing great destruction, as a result of movements within the earth's crust or volcanic action.
earths:Connect (an electrical device) with the ground.
earthworks:A large artificial bank of soil, especially one used as a fortification.
earthworm:A burrowing annelid worm that lives in the soil. Earthworms play an important role in aerating and draining the soil and in burying organic matter.
earthworms:A burrowing annelid worm that lives in the soil, important in aerating and draining the soil and in burying organic matter.
earthy:Resembling or suggestive of earth or soil.
earwax:The protective yellow waxy substance secreted in the passage of the outer ear.
earwig:A small elongated insect with a pair of terminal appendages that resemble pincers. The females typically care for their eggs and young until they are grown.
earwigs:Secretly listen to a conversation.
ease:Make (something unpleasant, painful, or intense) less serious or severe.
eased:Make (something unpleasant or intense) less serious or severe.
easel:A self-supporting wooden frame for holding an artist's work while it is being painted or drawn.
eases:Make (something unpleasant or intense) less serious or severe.
easier:Without difficulty or effort.
easiest:Without difficulty or effort.
easily:Without difficulty or effort.
easing:Make (something unpleasant or intense) less serious or severe.
east:To or toward the east.
eastbound:Leading or traveling toward the east.
easter:The most important and oldest festival of the Christian Church, celebrating the resurrection of Jesus Christ and held (in the Western Church) between March 21 and April 25, on the first Sunday after the first full moon following the northern spring equinox.
eastern:Situated in, directed towards, or facing the east.
easterners:A native or inhabitant of the east of a region or country, especially of Europe or the US.
easternmost:Situated furthest to the east.
easting:Distance traveled or measured eastward, especially at sea.
eastward:Toward the east.
easy:Without difficulty or effort.
easygoing:Relaxed and tolerant in approach or manner.
eat:Put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
eatable:Items of food.
eaten:Put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
eater:A person or animal that consumes food in a specified way or of a specified kind.
eating:Put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
eats:Put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
eavesdrop:Secretly listen to a conversation.
eavesdropped:Secretly listen to a conversation.
eavesdropping:Secretly listen to a conversation.
eavesdrops:Secretly listen to a conversation.
ebb:The movement of the tide out to sea.
ebbed:(of tidewater) move away from the land; recede.
ebbing:(of tidewater) move away from the land; recede.
ebbs:(of tidewater) move away from the land; recede.
ebony:Heavy blackish or very dark brown timber from a mainly tropical tree.
ebullience:The quality of being cheerful and full of energy; exuberance.
ebullient:Cheerful and full of energy.
eccentric:A person of unconventional and slightly strange views or behavior.
eccentricity:The quality of being eccentric.
eccentrics:A person of unconventional and slightly strange views or behaviour.
ecclesiastic:A priest or member of the clergy.
ecclesiastical:Relating to the Christian Church or its clergy.
echelon:Arrange in an echelon formation.
echelons:Arrange in an echelon formation.
echidna:A spiny insectivorous egg-laying mammal with a long snout and claws, native to Australia and New Guinea.
echidnas:A spiny insectivorous egg-laying mammal with a long snout and claws, native to Australia and New Guinea.
echinoderm:A marine invertebrate of the phylum Echinodermata, such as a starfish, sea urchin, or sea cucumber.
echinoderms:A marine invertebrate of the phylum Echinodermata, such as a starfish, sea urchin, or sea cucumber.
echo:A sound or series of sounds caused by the reflection of sound waves from a surface back to the listener.
echoed:(of a sound) be repeated or reverberate after the original sound has stopped.
echoing:(of a sound) repeated or reverberating after the original sound has stopped.
eclectic:A person who derives ideas, style, or taste from a broad and diverse range of sources.
eclecticism:The practice of deriving ideas, style, or taste from a broad and diverse range of sources.
eclipse:(of a celestial body) obscure the light from or to (another celestial body)
eclipsed:(of a celestial body) obscure the light from or to (another celestial body)
eclipses:(of a celestial body) obscure the light from or to (another celestial body)
eclipsing:(of a celestial body) obscure the light from or to (another celestial body)
ecologically:In a way that concerns the relation of living organisms to one another and to their physical surroundings.
ecology:The branch of biology that deals with the relations of organisms to one another and to their physical surroundings.
econometrics:The branch of economics concerned with the use of mathematical methods (especially statistics) in describing economic systems.
economic:Relating to economics or the economy.
economical:Giving good value or service in relation to the amount of money, time, or effort spent.
economically:In a way that relates to economics or finance.
economies:The state of a country or region in terms of the production and consumption of goods and services and the supply of money.
economise:Spend less; reduce one's expenses.
economised:Spend less; reduce one's expenses.
economises:Spend less; reduce one's expenses.
economising:Spend less; reduce one's expenses.
economy:The wealth and resources of a country or region, especially in terms of the production and consumption of goods and services.
ecstasies:An overwhelming feeling of great happiness or joyful excitement.
ecstasy:An overwhelming feeling of great happiness or joyful excitement.
ecstatic:A person subject to mystical experiences.
ectoplasm:The more viscous, clear outer layer of the cytoplasm in amoeboid cells.
ecuador:A republic in northwestern South America, on the Pacific coast; population 16,100,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Quito; languages, Spanish (official), Quechua.
ecumenical:Representing a number of different Christian Churches.
ecumenism:The principle or aim of promoting unity among the world's Christian Churches.
eddied:(of water, air, or smoke) move in a circular way.
eddies:(of water, air, or smoke) move in a circular way.
eddy:(of water, air, or smoke) move in a circular way.
eddying:(of water, air, or smoke) move in a circular way.
edema:A condition characterized by an excess of watery fluid collecting in the cavities or tissues of the body.
eden:The place where Adam and Eve lived in the biblical account of the Creation, from which they were expelled for disobediently eating the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.
edge:Provide with a border or edge.
edged:(of an object, area, or surface) having an outside edge or boundary of a specified kind.
edges:Provide with a border or edge.
edgewise:With the edge uppermost or toward the viewer.
edgier:Tense, nervous, or irritable.
edging:Something forming an edge or border.
edgings:Something forming an edge or border.
edgy:Tense, nervous, or irritable.
edible:Items of food.
edibles:Items of food.
edict:An official order or proclamation issued by a person in authority.
edicts:An official order or proclamation issued by a person in authority.
edification:The instruction or improvement of a person morally or intellectually.
edifice:A building, especially a large, imposing one.
edifices:A large, imposing building.
edified:Instruct or improve (someone) morally or intellectually.
edifies:Instruct or improve (someone) morally or intellectually.
edify:Instruct or improve (someone) morally or intellectually.
edifying:Providing moral or intellectual instruction.
edit:Prepare (written material) for publication by correcting, condensing, or otherwise modifying it.
editable:(of text or software) in a format that can be edited by the user.
edited:(of written material) corrected, condensed, or otherwise modified in preparation for publication.
editing:Prepare (written material) for publication by correcting, condensing, or otherwise modifying it.
edition:A particular form or version of a published text.
editions:A particular form or version of a published text.
editor:A person who is in charge of and determines the final content of a text, particularly a newspaper or magazine.
editorialised:(of a newspaper, editor, or broadcasting organization) express opinions rather than just report the news.
editorship:The position of editor in charge of a newspaper, magazine, or multiauthor book.
editorships:The position of editor in charge of a newspaper, magazine, or multi-author book.
edits:Prepare (written material) for publication by correcting, condensing, or otherwise modifying it.
educate:Give intellectual, moral, and social instruction to (someone, especially a child), typically at a school or university.
educated:Having been educated.
educates:Give intellectual, moral, and social instruction to (someone), typically at a school or university.
educating:Give intellectual, moral, and social instruction to (someone), typically at a school or university.
education:The process of receiving or giving systematic instruction, especially at a school or university.
educational:Relating to the provision of education.
educationally:In a way that relates to the provision of education.
educative:Intended or serving to educate or enlighten; educational.
educator:A person who provides instruction or education; a teacher.
educators:A person who provides instruction or education; a teacher.
eel:A snake-like fish with a slender elongated body and poorly developed fins, proverbial for its slipperiness.
eels:A snake-like fish with a slender elongated body and poorly developed fins, proverbial for its slipperiness.
eelworm:A nematode, especially a small soil nematode that can become a serious pest of crops and ornamental plants.
eelworms:A nematode, especially a small soil nematode that can become a serious pest of crops and ornamental plants.
eerie:Strange and frightening.
eerier:Strange and frightening.
eeriest:Strange and frightening.
efface:Erase (a mark) from a surface.
effaced:Erase (a mark) from a surface.
effacing:Erase (a mark) from a surface.
effect:Cause (something) to happen; bring about.
effected:Cause (something) to happen; bring about.
effecting:Cause (something) to happen; bring about.
effective:A soldier fit and available for service.
effectively:In such a manner as to achieve a desired result.
effectiveness:The degree to which something is successful in producing a desired result; success.
effector:An organ or cell that acts in response to a stimulus.
effectors:An organ or cell that acts in response to a stimulus.
effects:Cause (something) to happen; bring about.
effectual:(of something inanimate or abstract) successful in producing a desired or intended result; effective.
effeminate:(of a man) having or showing characteristics regarded as typical of a woman; unmanly.
effervescence:Bubbles in a liquid; fizz.
effervescent:(of a liquid) giving off bubbles; fizzy.
effete:(of a person) affected, overrefined, and ineffectual.
efficacious:(of something inanimate or abstract) successful in producing a desired or intended result; effective.
efficacy:The ability to produce a desired or intended result.
efficiency:The state or quality of being efficient.
efficient:(especially of a system or machine) achieving maximum productivity with minimum wasted effort or expense.
effigies:A sculpture or model of a person.
effigy:A sculpture or model of a person.
effluent:Liquid waste or sewage discharged into a river or the sea.
effluents:Liquid waste or sewage discharged into a river or the sea.
effluxion:The passing of time, in particular when leading to the expiration of an agreement or contract.
effort:A vigorous or determined attempt.
effortless:Requiring no physical or mental exertion.
efforts:A vigorous or determined attempt.
effrontery:Insolent or impertinent behavior.
effusion:An instance of giving off something such as a liquid, light, or smell.
effusions:An instance of giving off something such as a liquid or gas.
effusive:Expressing feelings of gratitude, pleasure, or approval in an unrestrained or heartfelt manner.
egalitarian:A person who advocates or supports egalitarian principles.
egalitarianism:The doctrine that all people are equal and deserve equal rights and opportunities.
egg:An oval or round object laid by a female bird, reptile, fish, or invertebrate, usually containing a developing embryo. The eggs of birds are enclosed in a chalky shell, while those of reptiles are in a leathery membrane.
egged:An oval or round object laid by a female bird, reptile, fish, or invertebrate, usually containing a developing embryo. The eggs of birds are enclosed in a chalky shell, while those of reptiles are in a leathery membrane.
eggheads:A highly academic or studious person; an intellectual.
egging:An oval or round object laid by a female bird, reptile, fish, or invertebrate, usually containing a developing embryo. The eggs of birds are enclosed in a chalky shell, while those of reptiles are in a leathery membrane.
eggs:An oval or round object laid by a female bird, reptile, fish, or invertebrate, usually containing a developing embryo. The eggs of birds are enclosed in a chalky shell, while those of reptiles are in a leathery membrane.
eggshell:The thin, hard outer layer of an egg, especially a hen's egg.
eggshells:The thin, hard outer layer of an egg, especially a hen's egg.
ego:A person's sense of self-esteem or self-importance.
egocentric:An egocentric person.
egomania:Obsessive egotism or self-centeredness.
egotism:The practice of talking and thinking about oneself excessively because of an undue sense of self-importance.
egotist:A person who is excessively conceited or self-absorbed; a self-seeker.
egotists:A person who is excessively conceited or absorbed in themselves; a self-seeker.
egregious:Outstandingly bad; shocking.
egress:Go out of or leave (a place)
egret:A heron with mainly white plumage, having long plumes in the breeding season.
egrets:A heron with mainly white plumage, having long plumes in the breeding season.
egypt:A country in northeastern Africa, on the Mediterranean Sea; population 91,500,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Cairo; official language, Arabic.
egyptian:A native of ancient or modern Egypt, or a person of Egyptian descent.
eh:Used to represent a sound made in speech in a variety of situations, in particular to ask for something to be repeated or explained or to elicit agreement.
eider:A northern sea duck, of which the male has mainly black and white plumage with a colored head, and the brown female has soft down feathers that are used to line the nest.
eidetic:Relating to or denoting mental images having unusual vividness and detail, as if actually visible.
eigenfunction:Each of a set of independent functions which are the solutions to a given differential equation.
eigenfunctions:Each of a set of independent functions which are the solutions to a given differential equation.
eigenstate:A quantum-mechanical state corresponding to an eigenvalue of a wave equation.
eigenstates:A quantum-mechanical state corresponding to an eigenvalue of a wave equation.
eigenvalue:Each of a set of values of a parameter for which a differential equation has a nonzero solution (an eigenfunction) under given conditions.
eigenvalues:Each of a set of values of a parameter for which a differential equation has a non-zero solution (an eigenfunction) under given conditions.
eight:Equivalent to the product of two and four; one more than seven, or two less than ten; 8.A group or unit of eight people or things.Eight years old.Eight o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by eight.An eight-oared rowboat or its crew.A playing card with eight pips.
eighteen:Equivalent to the product of two and nine; one more than seventeen, or eight more than ten; 18.A set or team of eighteen individuals.Eighteen years old.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by eighteen.
eighteenth:Constituting number eighteen in a sequence; 18th.
eightfold:By eight times; to eight times the number or amount.
eighth:Constituting number eight in a sequence; 8th.
eightieth:Constituting number eighty in a sequence; 80th.
eights:A race or series of races for eight-oared rowing boats.
eighty:Equivalent to the product of eight and ten; ten less than ninety; 80.The numbers from 80 to 89, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Eighty years old.Eighty miles an hour.
eisteddfod:A competitive festival of music and poetry in Wales, in particular the annual National Eisteddfod.
either:Used before the first of two (or occasionally more) alternatives that are being specified (the other being introduced by “or”)
eject:Force or throw (something) out, typically in a violent or sudden way.
ejected:Force or throw (something) out in a violent or sudden way.
ejecting:Force or throw (something) out in a violent or sudden way.
ejection:The action of forcing or throwing something out; emission.
ejections:The action of forcing or throwing something out; emission.
ejector:A device that causes something to be removed or to drop out.
ejectors:A device that causes something to be removed or to drop out.
ejects:Force or throw (something) out in a violent or sudden way.
eke:Manage to support oneself or make a living with difficulty.
eked:Make an amount or supply of something last longer by using or consuming it frugally.
elaborate:Develop or present (a theory, policy, or system) in detail.
elaborated:Develop or present (a theory, policy, or system) in further detail.
elaborately:In a detailed and carefully arranged manner.
elaborates:Develop or present (a theory, policy, or system) in further detail.
elaborating:Develop or present (a theory, policy, or system) in further detail.
elan:Energy, style, and enthusiasm.
eland:A spiral-horned African antelope that lives in open woodland and grassland. It is the largest of the antelopes.
elands:A large spiral-horned African antelope which lives in open woodland and grassland.
elapse:(of time) pass or go by.
elapsed:(of time) pass or go by.
elapses:(of time) pass or go by.
elapsing:(of time) pass or go by.
elastic:Cord, tape, or fabric, woven with strips of rubber, which returns to its original length or shape after being stretched.
elasticated:(of a garment or part of a garment) made with rubber thread or tape and able to be stretched easily.
elasticity:The ability of an object or material to resume its normal shape after being stretched or compressed; stretchiness.
elastin:A protein forming the main constituent of elastic connective tissue, found especially in the dermis of the skin.
elate:Make (someone) ecstatically happy.
elated:Ecstatically happy.
elation:Great happiness and exhilaration.
elbe:A river in central Europe that flows for 720 miles (1,159 km) from the Czech Republic through the German cities of Dresden, Magdeburg, and Hamburg to the North Sea.
elbow:Strike (someone) with one's elbow.
elbowed:Push or strike (someone) with one's elbow.
elbowing:Push or strike (someone) with one's elbow.
elbows:Push or strike (someone) with one's elbow.
elder:A person of greater age than someone specified.
elderberries:The bluish-black or red berry of the elder, used for making jelly or wine.
elderberry:The bluish-black or red berry of the elder, used especially for making jelly or wine.
elderflower:The flower of the elder, used to make wines, cordials, and other drinks.
elderly:(of a person) old or aging.
elders:People who are older than one.
eldest:(of one out of a group of related or otherwise associated people) of the greatest age; oldest.
elect:Choose (someone) to hold public office or some other position by voting.
electable:(of a politician or party) having the qualities which make election likely or plausible.
elected:Choose (someone) to hold public office or some other position by voting.
electing:Choose (someone) to hold public office or some other position by voting.
election:A formal and organized choice by vote of a person for a political office or other position.
electioneering:Active and energetic participation in the activities of an election campaign.
elections:A formal and organized choice by vote of a person for a political office or other position.
elector:A person who has the right to vote in an election.
electors:A person who has the right to vote in an election, especially one for members of a national parliament.
electric:An electric train or other vehicle.
electrically:By means of electricity.
electricity:A form of energy resulting from the existence of charged particles (such as electrons or protons), either statically as an accumulation of charge or dynamically as a current.
electrics:The system of electric wiring and parts in a house or vehicle.
electrified:Charged with electricity; having an electric current passing through.
electrify:Charge with electricity; pass an electric current through.
electrifying:Arousing a sudden sense of great excitement; thrilling.
electro:short for electrotype or electroplate
electrocardiogram:A record or display of a person's heartbeat produced by electrocardiography.
electrochemical:Relating to or involving both electricity and chemistry.
electrodynamics:The branch of mechanics concerned with the interaction of electric currents with magnetic fields or with other electric currents.
electroencephalogram:A test or record of brain activity produced by electroencephalography.
electrolyse:Subject to or treat by electrolysis.
electrolysed:Subject to or treat by electrolysis.
electrolysing:Subject to or treat by electrolysis.
electrolysis:Chemical decomposition produced by passing an electric current through a liquid or solution containing ions.
electrolyte:A liquid or gel that contains ions and can be decomposed by electrolysis, e.g., that present in a battery.
electrolytes:A liquid or gel which contains ions and can be decomposed by electrolysis, e.g. that present in a battery.
electromagnet:A soft metal core made into a magnet by the passage of electric current through a coil surrounding it.
electromagnetic:Relating to the interrelation of electric currents or fields and magnetic fields.
electromagnetism:The interaction of electric currents or fields and magnetic fields.
electromechanical:Relating to or denoting a mechanical device which is electrically operated.
electromotive:Producing or tending to produce an electric current.
electronegative:Electrically negative.
electronically:By means of electronic equipment or devices.
electrophoresis:The movement of charged particles in a fluid or gel under the influence of an electric field.
electrostatic:Relating to stationary electric charges or fields as opposed to electric currents.
electrostatics:The study of stationary electric charges or fields as opposed to electric currents.
elects:Choose (someone) to hold public office or some other position by voting.
elegance:The quality of being graceful and stylish in appearance or manner; style.
elegant:Pleasingly graceful and stylish in appearance or manner.
elegiac:Relating to or characteristic of an elegy.
elegies:(in modern literature) a poem of serious reflection, typically a lament for the dead.
elegy:A poem of serious reflection, typically a lament for the dead.
element:A part or aspect of something abstract, especially one that is essential or characteristic.
elemental:A supernatural entity or force thought to be physically manifested by occult means.
elementary:Relating to the basic elements of a subject.
elements:An essential or characteristic part of something abstract.
elephant:A heavy plant-eating mammal with a prehensile trunk, long curved ivory tusks, and large ears, native to Africa and southern Asia. It is the largest living land animal.
elephantiasis:A condition in which a limb or other part of the body becomes grossly enlarged due to obstruction of the lymphatic vessels, typically by the nematode parasites which cause filariasis.
elephantine:Of, resembling, or characteristic of an elephant or elephants, especially in being large, clumsy, or awkward.
elevate:Raise or lift (something) up to a higher position.
elevated:An elevated railroad.
elevates:Raise or lift (something) to a higher position.
elevating:Raise or lift (something) to a higher position.
elevation:The action or fact of elevating or being elevated.
elevator:A platform or compartment housed in a shaft for raising and lowering people or things to different floors or levels.
eleven:Equivalent to the sum of six and five; one more than ten; 11.Eleven years old.Eleven o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by eleven.A group or unit of eleven people or things.A sports team of eleven players.
eleventh:Constituting number eleven in a sequence; 11th.
elf:A supernatural creature of folk tales, typically represented as a small, elusive figure in human form with pointed ears, magical powers, and a capricious nature.
elfin:An elf.
elicit:Evoke or draw out (a response, answer, or fact) from someone in reaction to one's own actions or questions.
elicited:Evoke or draw out (a reaction, answer, or fact) from someone.
eliciting:Evoke or draw out (a reaction, answer, or fact) from someone.
elicits:Evoke or draw out (a reaction, answer, or fact) from someone.
elide:Omit (a sound or syllable) when speaking.
eligibility:The state of having the right to do or obtain something through satisfaction of the appropriate conditions.
eligible:Having the right to do or obtain something; satisfying the appropriate conditions.
elijah:(9th century BC), a Hebrew prophet in the time of Jezebel who maintained the worship of Jehovah against that of Baal and other pagan gods.
eliminate:Completely remove or get rid of (something)
eliminated:Completely remove or get rid of (something)
eliminates:Completely remove or get rid of (something)
eliminating:Leading to exclusion from consideration or further participation.
elite:A select group that is superior in terms of ability or qualities to the rest of a group or society.
elites:A select group that is superior in terms of ability or qualities to the rest of a group or society.
elitism:The advocacy or existence of an elite as a dominating element in a system or society.
elixir:A magical or medicinal potion.
elixirs:A magical or medicinal potion.
elk:A red deer of a large race native to North America.
elks:another term for moose
ell:A former measure of length (equivalent to six hand breadths) used mainly for textiles, locally variable but typically about 45 inches.
ellipsis:The omission from speech or writing of a word or words that are superfluous or able to be understood from contextual clues.
ellipsoid:A three-dimensional figure whose plane sections are ellipses or circles.
ellipsoids:A three-dimensional figure symmetrical about each of three perpendicular axes, whose plane sections normal to one axis are circles and all the other plane sections are ellipses.
elliptical:(of speech or writing) using or involving ellipsis, especially so as to be difficult to understand.
ells:A former measure of length (equivalent to six hand breadths) used mainly for textiles, locally variable but typically about 45 inches in England and 37 inches in Scotland.
elm:A tall deciduous tree that typically has rough serrated leaves and propagates from root suckers.
elms:A tall deciduous tree that typically has rough serrated leaves and propagates from root suckers.
elocution:The skill of clear and expressive speech, especially of distinct pronunciation and articulation.
elongate:Make (something) longer, especially unusually so in relation to its width.
elongated:Long in relation to width, especially unusually so.
elongates:Make (something) longer, especially unusually so in relation to its width.
elongating:Make (something) longer, especially unusually so in relation to its width.
elope:Run away secretly in order to get married, especially without parental consent.
eloped:Run away secretly in order to get married.
elopes:Run away secretly in order to get married.
eloping:Run away secretly in order to get married.
eloquence:Fluent or persuasive speaking or writing.
eloquent:Fluent or persuasive in speaking or writing.
eloquently:In a fluent or persuasive manner.
els:(in the US) an elevated railway, especially that in Chicago.
else:In addition; besides.
elsewhere:In, at, or to some other place or other places.
elucidate:Make (something) clear; explain.
elucidated:Make (something) clear; explain.
elucidates:Make (something) clear; explain.
elucidating:Make (something) clear; explain.
elucidation:Explanation that makes something clear; clarification.
elude:Evade or escape from (a danger, enemy, or pursuer), typically in a skillful or cunning way.
eluded:Escape from or avoid (a danger, enemy, or pursuer), typically in a skilful or cunning way.
eludes:Escape from or avoid (a danger, enemy, or pursuer), typically in a skilful or cunning way.
eluding:Escape from or avoid (a danger, enemy, or pursuer), typically in a skilful or cunning way.
elusive:Difficult to find, catch, or achieve.
eluted:Remove (an adsorbed substance) by washing with a solvent, especially in chromatography.
elven:Denoting or characteristic of an elf.
elves:A supernatural creature of folk tales, typically represented as a small, delicate, elusive figure in human form with pointed ears, magical powers, and a capricious nature.
em:A unit for measuring the width of printed matter, equal to the height of the type size being used.
emaciated:Abnormally thin or weak, especially because of illness or a lack of food.
emaciation:The state of being abnormally thin or weak.
email:Send an email to (someone)
emanate:(of something abstract but perceptible) issue or spread out from (a source)
emanated:(of a feeling, quality, or sensation) issue or spread out from (a source)
emanates:(of a feeling, quality, or sensation) issue or spread out from (a source)
emanating:(of a feeling, quality, or sensation) issue or spread out from (a source)
emanation:An abstract but perceptible thing that issues or originates from a source.
emanations:Something which originates or issues from a source.
emancipate:Set free, especially from legal, social, or political restrictions.
emancipated:Free from legal, social, or political restrictions; liberated.
emancipates:Set free, especially from legal, social, or political restrictions.
emancipating:Set free, especially from legal, social, or political restrictions.
emancipation:The fact or process of being set free from legal, social, or political restrictions; liberation.
emasculate:Deprive (a man) of his male role or identity.
emasculated:(of a man) deprived of his male role or identity.
emasculating:Deprive (a man) of his male role or identity.
embalm:Preserve (a corpse) from decay, originally with spices and now usually by arterial injection of a preservative.
embalmed:Preserve (a corpse) from decay, originally with spices and now usually by arterial injection of a preservative.
embalming:Preserve (a corpse) from decay, originally with spices and now usually by arterial injection of a preservative.
embalms:Preserve (a corpse) from decay, originally with spices and now usually by arterial injection of a preservative.
embank:Construct a wall or bank of earth or stone in order to confine (a river) within certain limits.
embankment:A wall or bank of earth or stone built to prevent a river flooding an area.
embankments:A wall or bank of earth or stone built to prevent a river flooding an area.
embargo:Impose an official ban on (trade or a country or commodity)
embargoed:Impose an official ban on (trade or a country or commodity)
embark:Go on board a ship, aircraft, or other vehicle.
embarked:Go on board a ship or aircraft.
embarking:Go on board a ship or aircraft.
embarks:Go on board a ship or aircraft.
embarrass:Cause (someone) to feel awkward, self-conscious, or ashamed.
embarrassed:Feeling or showing embarrassment.
embarrasses:Cause (someone) to feel awkward, self-conscious, or ashamed.
embarrassing:Causing embarrassment.
embarrassingly:In a manner or to a degree that causes self-consciousness, shame, or awkwardness.
embarrassment:A feeling of self-consciousness, shame, or awkwardness.
embassies:The official residence or offices of an ambassador.
embassy:The official residence or offices of an ambassador.
embed:Fix (an object) firmly and deeply in a surrounding mass.
embeddable:Capable of being embedded in something.
embedded:(of an object) fixed firmly and deeply in a surrounding mass; implanted.
embedding:Fix (an object) firmly and deeply in a surrounding mass.
embeds:Fix (an object) firmly and deeply in a surrounding mass.
embellish:Make (something) more attractive by the addition of decorative details or features.
embellished:Make (something) more attractive by the addition of decorative details or features.
embellishing:Make (something) more attractive by the addition of decorative details or features.
embellishment:A decorative detail or feature added to something to make it more attractive.
embellishments:A decorative detail or feature added to something to make it more attractive.
ember:A small piece of burning or glowing coal or wood in a dying fire.
embers:A small piece of burning or glowing coal or wood in a dying fire.
embezzle:Steal or misappropriate (money placed in one's trust or belonging to the organization for which one works)
embezzled:Steal or misappropriate (money placed in one's trust or belonging to the organization for which one works)
embezzlement:Theft or misappropriation of funds placed in one's trust or belonging to one's employer.
embezzling:Steal or misappropriate (money placed in one's trust or belonging to the organization for which one works)
embitter:Cause (someone) to feel bitter or resentful.
embittered:Angry or resentful at having been treated unfairly.
embittering:Make (someone) feel bitter or resentful.
emblazoned:Conspicuously inscribe or display a design on.
emblem:A heraldic device or symbolic object as a distinctive badge of a nation, organization, or family.
emblematic:Serving as a symbol of a particular quality or concept; symbolic.
emblems:A heraldic device or symbolic object as a distinctive badge of a nation, organization, or family.
embodied:Be an expression of or give a tangible or visible form to (an idea, quality, or feeling)
embodies:Be an expression of or give a tangible or visible form to (an idea, quality, or feeling)
embodiment:A tangible or visible form of an idea, quality, or feeling.
embodiments:A tangible or visible form of an idea, quality, or feeling.
embody:Be an expression of or give a tangible or visible form to (an idea, quality, or feeling)
embodying:Be an expression of or give a tangible or visible form to (an idea, quality, or feeling)
embolden:Give (someone) the courage or confidence to do something or to behave in a certain way.
emboldened:Give (someone) the courage or confidence to do something.
emboldening:Give (someone) the courage or confidence to do something.
emboldens:Give (someone) the courage or confidence to do something.
emboss:Carve, mold, or stamp a design on (a surface or object) so that it stands out in relief.
embrace:Hold (someone) closely in one's arms, especially as a sign of affection.
embraced:Hold (someone) closely in one's arms, especially as a sign of affection.
embraces:Hold (someone) closely in one's arms, especially as a sign of affection.
embracing:Hold (someone) closely in one's arms, especially as a sign of affection.
embrocation:A liquid used for rubbing on the body to relieve pain from sprains and strains.
embroider:Decorate (cloth) by sewing patterns on it with thread.
embroidered:(of cloth) decorated with patterns sewn on with thread.
embroidering:Decorate (cloth) by sewing patterns on it with thread.
embroidery:The art or pastime of embroidering cloth.
embroil:Involve (someone) deeply in an argument, conflict, or difficult situation.
embroiled:Involve (someone) deeply in an argument, conflict, or difficult situation.
embroiling:Involve (someone) deeply in an argument, conflict, or difficult situation.
embryo:An unborn or unhatched offspring in the process of development, in particular a human offspring during the period from approximately the second to the eighth week after fertilization (after which it is usually termed a fetus).
embryonal:Relating to an embryo.
embryonic:Relating to an embryo.
emendation:The process of making a revision or correction to a text.
emendations:The process of making a revision or correction to a text.
emended:Make corrections and revisions to (a text)
emerald:A bright green precious stone consisting of a chromium-rich variety of beryl.
emerge:Move out of or away from something and come into view.
emerged:Move out of or away from something and become visible.
emergence:The process of coming into view or becoming exposed after being concealed.
emergencies:A serious, unexpected, and often dangerous situation requiring immediate action.
emergency:A serious, unexpected, and often dangerous situation requiring immediate action.
emergent:An emergent property.
emerges:Move out of or away from something and become visible.
emerging:Becoming apparent or prominent.
emersion:The process or state of emerging from or being out of water after being submerged.
emery:A grayish-black mixture of corundum and magnetite, used in powdered form as an abrasive.
emetic:A medicine or other substance which causes vomiting.
emigrant:A person who leaves their own country in order to settle permanently in another.
emigrate:Leave one's own country in order to settle permanently in another.
emigrated:Leave one's own country in order to settle permanently in another.
emigrating:Leave one's own country in order to settle permanently in another.
emigration:The act of leaving one's own country to settle permanently in another; moving abroad.
eminence:Fame or recognized superiority, especially within a particular sphere or profession.
eminent:(of a person) famous and respected within a particular sphere or profession.
eminently:To a notable degree; very.
emirate:The rank, lands, or reign of an emir.
emirates:The rank, lands, or reign of an emir.
emissaries:A person sent as a diplomatic representative on a special mission.
emissary:A person sent on a special mission, usually as a diplomatic representative.
emission:The production and discharge of something, especially gas or radiation.
emissions:The production and discharge of something, especially gas or radiation.
emit:Produce and discharge (something, especially gas or radiation)
emits:Produce and discharge (something, especially gas or radiation)
emitted:Produce and discharge (something, especially gas or radiation)
emitter:A machine, device, etc., that emits something.
emitters:A thing which emits something.
emitting:Produce and discharge (something, especially gas or radiation)
emollient:A preparation that softens the skin.
emolument:A salary, fee, or profit from employment or office.
emoluments:A salary, fee, or profit from employment or office.
emotion:A natural instinctive state of mind deriving from one's circumstances, mood, or relationships with others.
emotional:Relating to a person's emotions.
emotionless:Not showing any emotion; unemotional.
emotions:A strong feeling deriving from one's circumstances, mood, or relationships with others.
emotive:Arousing or able to arouse intense feeling.
empathise:Understand and share the feelings of another.
empathising:Understand and share the feelings of another.
empathy:The ability to understand and share the feelings of another.
emperor:A sovereign ruler of great power and rank, especially one ruling an empire.
emperors:A sovereign ruler of an empire.
emphases:Special importance, value, or prominence given to something.
emphasis:Special importance, value, or prominence given to something.
emphasise:Give special importance or value to (something) in speaking or writing.
emphasised:Give special importance or value to (something) in speaking or writing.
emphasises:Give special importance or value to (something) in speaking or writing.
emphasising:Give special importance or value to (something) in speaking or writing.
emphatic:An emphatic consonant.
emphysema:A condition in which the air sacs of the lungs are damaged and enlarged, causing breathlessness.
empire:An extensive group of states or countries under a single supreme authority, formerly especially an emperor or empress.
empires:An extensive group of states or countries ruled over by a single monarch, an oligarchy, or a sovereign state.
empirical:Based on, concerned with, or verifiable by observation or experience rather than theory or pure logic.
empirically:By means of observation or experience rather than theory or pure logic.
empiricist:A person who supports the theory that all knowledge is based on experience derived from the senses.
empiricists:A person who supports the theory that all knowledge is based on experience derived from the senses.
employ:Give work to (someone) and pay them for it.
employability:The quality of being suitable for paid work.
employed:(of a person) having a paid job.
employee:A person employed for wages or salary, especially at nonexecutive level.
employees:A person employed for wages or salary, especially at non-executive level.
employer:A person or organization that employs people.
employers:A person or organization that employs people.
employing:Give work to (someone) and pay them for it.
employment:The condition of having paid work.
employs:Give work to (someone) and pay them for it.
emporia:A commercial city in east central Kansas, associated with William Allen White and his Emporia Gazette, which he published from 1895 until 1944; population 26,380 (est. 2008).
emporium:A large retail store selling a wide variety of goods.
empower:Give (someone) the authority or power to do something.
empowered:Give (someone) the authority or power to do something.
empowering:Give (someone) the authority or power to do something.
empowers:Give (someone) the authority or power to do something.
empress:A woman who is a sovereign ruler of great power and rank, especially one ruling an empire.
emptied:Remove all the contents of (a container)
emptier:Remove all the contents of (a container)
empties:Remove all the contents of (a container)
emptiest:Remove all the contents of (a container)
emptiness:The state of containing nothing.
empty:Remove all the contents of (a container)
emptying:Remove all the contents of (a container)
ems:Emergency medical service.
emu:A large flightless fast-running Australian bird resembling the ostrich, with shaggy gray or brown plumage, bare blue skin on the head and neck, and three-toed feet.
emulate:Match or surpass (a person or achievement), typically by imitation.
emulated:Match or surpass (a person or achievement), typically by imitation.
emulates:Match or surpass (a person or achievement), typically by imitation.
emulating:Match or surpass (a person or achievement), typically by imitation.
emulation:Effort to match or surpass a person or achievement, typically by imitation.
emulations:Effort to match or surpass a person or achievement, typically by imitation.
emulsifies:Make into or become an emulsion.
emus:A large flightless fast-running Australian bird resembling the ostrich, with shaggy grey or brown plumage, bare blue skin on the head and neck, and three-toed feet.
enable:Give (someone or something) the authority or means to do something.
enabled:Adapted for use with the specified application or system.
enables:Give (someone) the authority or means to do something; make it possible for.
enabling:Give (someone) the authority or means to do something; make it possible for.
enact:Make (a bill or other proposal) law.
enacted:Make (a bill or other proposal) law.
enacting:Make (a bill or other proposal) law.
enactment:The process of passing legislation.
enacts:Make (a bill or other proposal) law.
enamel:Coat or decorate (a metallic or hard object) with enamel.
enamelled:Coated or decorated with enamel.
encage:Confine in or as in a cage.
encamp:Settle in or establish a camp, especially a military one.
encamped:Settle in or establish a camp.
encampment:A place with temporary accommodations consisting of huts or tents, typically for troops or nomads.
encampments:A place with temporary accommodation consisting of huts or tents, typically for troops or nomads.
encapsulate:Express the essential features of (something) succinctly.
encapsulated:Express the essential features of (something) succinctly.
encapsulates:Express the essential features of (something) succinctly.
encapsulating:Express the essential features of (something) succinctly.
encapsulation:The action of enclosing something in or as if in a capsule.
encapsulations:The action of enclosing something in or as if in a capsule.
encephalopathy:A disease in which the functioning of the brain is affected by some agent or condition (such as viral infection or toxins in the blood)
enchant:Fill (someone) with great delight; charm.
enchanted:Placed under a spell; bewitched.
enchanter:A person who uses magic or sorcery, especially to put someone or something under a spell.
enchanters:A person who uses magic or sorcery, especially to put someone or something under a spell.
enchanting:Delightfully charming or attractive.
enchantment:A feeling of great pleasure; delight.
enchantments:A feeling of great pleasure; delight.
enchantress:A woman who uses magic or sorcery, especially to put someone or something under a spell.
enchants:Fill (someone) with great delight; charm.
enchiladas:A tortilla served with chilli sauce and a filling of meat or cheese.
encircle:Form a circle around; surround.
encircled:Form a circle around; surround.
encircles:Form a circle around; surround.
encircling:Form a circle around; surround.
enclasp:Hold tightly in one's arms.
enclave:A portion of territory within or surrounded by a larger territory whose inhabitants are culturally or ethnically distinct.
enclose:Surround or close off on all sides.
enclosed:Surrounded or closed off on all sides.
encloses:Surround or close off on all sides.
enclosing:Surround or close off on all sides.
enclosure:An area that is sealed off with an artificial or natural barrier.
enclosures:An area that is surrounded by a barrier.
encomium:A speech or piece of writing that praises someone or something highly.
encompass:Surround and have or hold within.
encompassed:Surround and have or hold within.
encompasses:Surround and have or hold within.
encompassing:Surround and have or hold within.
encore:Give or call for a repeated or additional performance of (an item) at the end of a concert.
encored:Call for a repeated or additional performance of (an item) at the end of a concert.
encores:Call for a repeated or additional performance of (an item) at the end of a concert.
encounter:Unexpectedly experience or be faced with (something difficult or hostile)
encountered:Unexpectedly be faced with or experience (something hostile or difficult)
encountering:Unexpectedly be faced with or experience (something hostile or difficult)
encounters:Unexpectedly be faced with or experience (something hostile or difficult)
encourage:Give support, confidence, or hope to (someone)
encouraged:Give support, confidence, or hope to (someone)
encouragement:The action of giving someone support, confidence, or hope.
encouragements:The action of giving someone support, confidence, or hope.
encourages:Give support, confidence, or hope to (someone)
encouraging:Giving someone support or confidence; supportive.
encroach:Intrude on (a person's territory or a thing considered to be a right)
encroached:Intrude on (a person's territory, rights, personal life, etc.)
encroaches:Intrude on (a person's territory, rights, personal life, etc.)
encroaching:Intrude on (a person's territory, rights, personal life, etc.)
encroachment:Intrusion on a person's territory, rights, etc.
encroachments:Intrusion on a person's territory, rights, etc.
encrypt:Convert (information or data) into a cipher or code, especially to prevent unauthorized access.
encryption:The process of converting information or data into a code, especially to prevent unauthorized access.
encumber:Restrict or burden (someone or something) in such a way that free action or movement is difficult.
encumbered:Restrict or impede (someone or something) in such a way that free action or movement is difficult.
encumbering:Restrict or impede (someone or something) in such a way that free action or movement is difficult.
encumbrance:A burden or impediment.
encumbrances:An impediment or burden.
encyclical:A papal letter sent to all bishops of the Roman Catholic Church.
encyclopaedic:Comprehensive in terms of information.
encyclopedia:A book or set of books giving information on many subjects or on many aspects of one subject and typically arranged alphabetically.
encyclopedic:Comprehensive in terms of information.
end:Come or bring to a final point; finish.
endanger:Put (someone or something) at risk or in danger.
endangered:(of a species) seriously at risk of extinction.
endangering:Put (someone or something) at risk or in danger.
endangers:Put (someone or something) at risk or in danger.
endearing:Inspiring love or affection.
endearment:A word or phrase expressing love or affection.
endearments:A word or phrase expressing love or affection.
endeavour:Try hard to do or achieve something.
endeavoured:Try hard to do or achieve something.
endeavouring:Try hard to do or achieve something.
endeavours:Try hard to do or achieve something.
ended:Come or bring to a final point; finish.
endemic:An endemic plant or animal.
endgame:The final stage of a game such as chess or bridge, when few pieces or cards remain.
ending:An end or final part of something, especially a period of time, an activity, or a book or movie.
endings:An end or final part of something.
endive:An edible Mediterranean plant whose bitter leaves may be blanched and used in salads.
endless:Having or seeming to have no end or limit.
endlessly:In a way that has or seems to have no end or limit.
endocrine:Relating to or denoting glands which secrete hormones or other products directly into the blood.
endometriosis:A condition resulting from the appearance of endometrial tissue outside the uterus and causing pelvic pain.
endometrium:The mucous membrane lining the uterus, which thickens during the menstrual cycle in preparation for possible implantation of an embryo.
endorphins:Any of a group of hormones secreted within the brain and nervous system and having a number of physiological functions. They are peptides which activate the body's opiate receptors, causing an analgesic effect.
endorse:Declare one's public approval or support of.
endorsed:Declare one's public approval or support of.
endorsement:An act of giving one's public approval or support to someone or something.
endorsements:The action of endorsing someone or something.
endorses:Declare one's public approval or support of.
endorsing:Declare one's public approval or support of.
endoscope:An instrument which can be introduced into the body to give a view of its internal parts.
endoscopy:A procedure in which an instrument is introduced into the body to give a view of its internal parts.
endothermic:(of a reaction or process) accompanied by or requiring the absorption of heat.(of a compound) requiring a net input of heat for its formation from its constituent elements.
endotoxin:A toxin that is present inside a bacterial cell and is released when the cell disintegrates. It is sometimes responsible for the characteristic symptoms of a disease, e.g., in botulism.
endow:Provide with a quality, ability, or asset.
endowed:Provide with a quality, ability, or asset.
endowing:Provide with a quality, ability, or asset.
endowment:The action of endowing something or someone.
endowments:The action of endowing something or someone.
endows:Provide with a quality, ability, or asset.
endpapers:A leaf of paper at the beginning or end of a book, especially one fixed to the inside of the cover.
ends:Come or bring to a final point; finish.
endued:Endow or provide with a quality or ability.
endurable:Able to be endured; bearable.
endurance:The fact or power of enduring an unpleasant or difficult process or situation without giving way.
endure:Suffer (something painful or difficult) patiently.
endured:Suffer (something painful or difficult) patiently.
endures:Suffer (something painful or difficult) patiently.
enduring:Continuing or long-lasting.
enemies:A person who is actively opposed or hostile to someone or something.
enemy:A person who is actively opposed or hostile to someone or something.
energetic:Showing or involving great activity or vitality.
energetics:The properties of something in terms of energy.
energise:Give vitality and enthusiasm to.
energised:Give vitality and enthusiasm to.
energising:Give vitality and enthusiasm to.
energy:The strength and vitality required for sustained physical or mental activity.
enervate:Cause (someone) to feel drained of energy or vitality; weaken.
enervated:Drained of energy or vitality.
enervating:Causing one to feel drained of energy or vitality.
enfeeble:Make weak or feeble.
enfeebled:Made weak or feeble.
enfold:Surround; envelop.
enfolded:Surround; envelop.
enfolding:Surround; envelop.
enfolds:Surround; envelop.
enforce:Compel observance of or compliance with (a law, rule, or obligation)
enforceable:(of a law, rule, or obligation) able to be imposed so that it must be complied with.
enforced:Caused by necessity or force; compulsory.
enforcement:The act of compelling observance of or compliance with a law, rule, or obligation.
enforcements:The act of compelling observance of or compliance with a law, rule, or obligation.
enforces:Compel observance of or compliance with (a law, rule, or obligation)
enforcing:Compel observance of or compliance with (a law, rule, or obligation)
enfranchise:Give the right to vote to.
enfranchised:Give the right to vote to.
enfranchising:Give the right to vote to.
engage:Occupy, attract, or involve (someone's interest or attention)
engaged:Busy; occupied.
engagement:A formal agreement to get married.
engagements:A formal agreement to get married.
engages:Occupy or attract (someone's interest or attention)
engaging:Charming and attractive.
engender:Cause or give rise to (a feeling, situation, or condition)
engendered:Cause or give rise to (a feeling, situation, or condition)
engendering:Cause or give rise to (a feeling, situation, or condition)
engenders:Cause or give rise to (a feeling, situation, or condition)
engine:A machine with moving parts that converts power into motion.
engineer:Design and build (a machine or structure)
engineered:(of an organism) modified by manipulation of genetic material.
engineering:The branch of science and technology concerned with the design, building, and use of engines, machines, and structures.
engineers:Design and build (a machine or structure)
engines:A machine with moving parts that converts power into motion.
england:A European country that forms the largest and most southern part of Great Britain and of the United Kingdom, surrounded on three sides by water (Irish Sea on west, English Channel on south, North Sea on east); population 51,446,000 (est. 2008); capital, London; language, English.
english:The language of England, widely used in many varieties throughout the world.
engorge:Cause to swell with blood, water, or another fluid.
engorged:Cause to swell with blood, water, or another fluid.
engrained:(of a habit, belief, or attitude) firmly fixed or established; difficult to change.
engrave:Cut or carve (a text or design) on the surface of a hard object.
engraved:Cut or carve (a text or design) on the surface of a hard object.
engraver:A person who cuts or carves text or designs on the surface of hard objects.
engraves:Cut or carve (a text or design) on the surface of a hard object.
engraving:A print made from an engraved plate, block, or other surface.
engravings:A print made from an engraved plate, block, or other surface.
engross:Absorb all the attention or interest of.
engrossed:Having all one's attention or interest absorbed by someone or something.
engrossing:Absorbing all one's attention or interest.
engulf:(of a natural force) sweep over (something) so as to surround or cover it completely.
engulfed:(of a natural force) sweep over (something) so as to surround or cover it completely.
engulfing:(of a natural force) sweep over (something) so as to surround or cover it completely.
engulfs:(of a natural force) sweep over (something) so as to surround or cover it completely.
enhance:Intensify, increase, or further improve the quality, value, or extent of.
enhanced:Intensify, increase, or further improve the quality, value, or extent of.
enhancement:An increase or improvement in quality, value, or extent.
enhancements:An increase or improvement in quality, value, or extent.
enhancer:A person or thing that enhances something.
enhancers:A person or thing that enhances something.
enhances:Intensify, increase, or further improve the quality, value, or extent of.
enhancing:Intensify, increase, or further improve the quality, value, or extent of.
enharmonic:Relating to notes that are the same in pitch (in modern tuning) though bearing different names (e.g., F sharp and G flat or B and C flat)
enigma:A person or thing that is mysterious, puzzling, or difficult to understand.
enigmas:A person or thing that is mysterious or difficult to understand.
enigmatic:Difficult to interpret or understand; mysterious.
enjoin:Instruct or urge (someone) to do something.
enjoined:Instruct or urge (someone) to do something.
enjoining:Instruct or urge (someone) to do something.
enjoins:Instruct or urge (someone) to do something.
enjoy:Take delight or pleasure in (an activity or occasion)
enjoyable:(of an activity or occasion) giving delight or pleasure.
enjoyably:In a way that gives delight or pleasure.
enjoyed:Take delight or pleasure in (an activity or occasion)
enjoying:Take delight or pleasure in (an activity or occasion)
enjoyment:The state or process of taking pleasure in something.
enjoys:Take delight or pleasure in (an activity or occasion)
enlace:Entwine or entangle.
enlarge:Make or become bigger or more extensive.
enlarged:Having become or been made larger.
enlargement:The action or state of enlarging or being enlarged.
enlargements:The action or state of enlarging or being enlarged.
enlarger:An apparatus for enlarging or reducing negatives or positives.
enlarges:Make or become larger or more extensive.
enlarging:Make or become larger or more extensive.
enlighten:Give (someone) greater knowledge and understanding about a subject or situation.
enlightened:Having or showing a rational, modern, and well-informed outlook.
enlightening:Give (someone) greater knowledge and understanding about a subject or situation.
enlightenment:The action of enlightening or the state of being enlightened.
enlightens:Give (someone) greater knowledge and understanding about a subject or situation.
enlist:Enroll or be enrolled in the armed services.
enlisted:Enrol or be enrolled in the armed services.
enlisting:Enrol or be enrolled in the armed services.
enlistment:The action of enrolling or being enrolled in the armed services.
enlists:Enrol or be enrolled in the armed services.
enliven:Make (something) more entertaining, interesting, or appealing.
enlivened:Make (something) more entertaining, interesting, or appealing.
enlivening:Make (something) more entertaining, interesting, or appealing.
enlivens:Make (something) more entertaining, interesting, or appealing.
enmeshed:Cause to become entangled in something.
enmities:A state or feeling of active opposition or hostility.
enmity:The state or feeling of being actively opposed or hostile to someone or something.
enneads:A group or set of nine.
ennoble:Give (someone) a noble rank or title.
ennobled:Give (someone) a noble rank or title.
ennobles:Give (someone) a noble rank or title.
ennobling:Give (someone) a noble rank or title.
ennui:A feeling of listlessness and dissatisfaction arising from a lack of occupation or excitement.
enormities:The great or extreme scale, seriousness, or extent of something perceived as bad or morally wrong.
enormity:The great or extreme scale, seriousness, or extent of something perceived as bad or morally wrong.
enormous:Very large in size, quantity, or extent.
enormously:To a very great degree or extent; considerably.
enough:As much or as many as required.
enounced:Utter or pronounce (words)
enounces:Utter or pronounce (words)
enquire:Ask for information from someone.
enquiring:Showing an interest in learning new things.
enquiry:An act of asking for information.
enrage:Make very angry.
enraged:Very angry; furious.
enrages:Make (someone) very angry.
enraging:Make (someone) very angry.
enraptured:Give intense pleasure or joy to.
enrich:Improve or enhance the quality or value of.
enriched:(of uranium) having had the proportion of the isotope U-235 it contains increased in order to make it suitable for use in a nuclear reactor or weapon.
enriches:Improve or enhance the quality or value of.
enriching:Improve or enhance the quality or value of.
enrichment:The action of improving or enhancing the quality or value of something.
enrichments:The action of improving or enhancing the quality or value of something.
enrobe:Dress in a robe or vestment.
enrobed:Dress in a robe or vestment.
enrol:Officially register as a member of an institution or a student on a course.
enroll:Officially register as a member of an institution or a student on a course.
enrolled:Officially register as a member of an institution or a student on a course.
enrolling:Officially register as a member of an institution or a student on a course.
enrolls:Officially register as a member of an institution or a student on a course.
enrolment:The action of enrolling or being enrolled.
enrolments:The action of enrolling or being enrolled.
enrols:Officially register as a member of an institution or a student on a course.
ensconce:Establish or settle (someone) in a comfortable, safe, or secret place.
ensconced:Establish or settle (someone) in a comfortable, safe place.
ensemble:A group of musicians, actors, or dancers who perform together.
ensembles:A group of musicians, actors, or dancers who perform together.
enshrine:Place (a revered or precious object) in an appropriate receptacle.
enshrined:Place (a revered or precious object) in an appropriate receptacle.
enshrines:Place (a revered or precious object) in an appropriate receptacle.
enshrining:Place (a revered or precious object) in an appropriate receptacle.
enshroud:Envelop completely and hide from view.
enshrouded:Envelop completely and hide from view.
ensign:A flag or standard, especially a military or naval one indicating nationality.
ensigns:A flag or standard, especially a military or naval one indicating nationality.
enslave:Make (someone) a slave.
enslaved:Make (someone) a slave.
enslavement:The action of making someone a slave; subjugation.
enslaves:Make (someone) a slave.
enslaving:Make (someone) a slave.
ensnare:Catch in or as in a trap.
ensnared:Catch in or as in a trap.
ensnaring:Catch in or as in a trap.
ensnarl:Cause to become caught up in complex difficulties or problems.
ensue:Happen or occur afterward or as a result.
ensued:Happen or occur afterwards or as a result.
ensues:Happen or occur afterwards or as a result.
ensuing:Occurring afterward or as a result.
ensure:Make certain that (something) shall occur or be the case.
ensured:Make certain that (something) will occur or be the case.
ensures:Make certain that (something) will occur or be the case.
ensuring:Make certain that (something) will occur or be the case.
entablature:A horizontal, continuous lintel on a classical building supported by columns or a wall, comprising the architrave, frieze, and cornice.
entail:Involve (something) as a necessary or inevitable part or consequence.
entailed:Involve (something) as a necessary or inevitable part or consequence.
entailing:Involve (something) as a necessary or inevitable part or consequence.
entails:Involve (something) as a necessary or inevitable part or consequence.
entangle:Cause to become twisted together with or caught in.
entangled:Cause to become twisted together with or caught in.
entanglement:The action or fact of entangling or being entangled.
entangles:Cause to become twisted together with or caught in.
entangling:Cause to become twisted together with or caught in.
entente:A friendly understanding or informal alliance between states or factions.
enter:Come or go into (a place)
entered:Come or go into (a place)
entering:Come or go into (a place)
enteritis:Inflammation of the intestine, especially the small intestine, usually accompanied by diarrhea.
enterprise:A project or undertaking, typically one that is difficult or requires effort.
enterprises:A project or undertaking, especially a bold or complex one.
enterprising:Having or showing initiative and resourcefulness.
enters:Come or go into (a place)
entertain:Provide (someone) with amusement or enjoyment.
entertained:Provide (someone) with amusement or enjoyment.
entertainer:A person, such as a singer, dancer, or comedian, whose job is to entertain others.
entertainers:A person, such as a singer, dancer, or comedian, whose job is to entertain others.
entertaining:Providing amusement or enjoyment.
entertainment:The action of providing or being provided with amusement or enjoyment.
entertains:Provide (someone) with amusement or enjoyment.
enthalpies:A thermodynamic quantity equivalent to the total heat content of a system. It is equal to the internal energy of the system plus the product of pressure and volume.The change in enthalpy associated with a particular chemical process.
enthalpy:A thermodynamic quantity equivalent to the total heat content of a system. It is equal to the internal energy of the system plus the product of pressure and volume.The change in enthalpy associated with a particular chemical process.
enthralled:Capture the fascinated attention of.
enthralling:Capturing and holding one's attention; fascinating.
enthrone:Install (a monarch) on a throne, especially during a ceremony to mark the beginning of their rule.
enthroned:Install (a monarch or bishop) on a throne, especially during a ceremony to mark the beginning of their rule.
enthuse:Say something that expresses one's eager enjoyment, interest, or approval.
enthused:Express eager enjoyment, interest, or approval regarding something.
enthuses:Express eager enjoyment, interest, or approval regarding something.
enthusiasm:Intense and eager enjoyment, interest, or approval.
enthusiast:A person who is very interested in a particular activity or subject.
enthusiastic:Having or showing intense and eager enjoyment, interest, or approval.
enthusiastically:In a way that shows intense and eager enjoyment, interest, or approval.
enthusiasts:A person who is very interested in a particular activity or subject.
enthusing:Express eager enjoyment, interest, or approval regarding something.
entice:Attract or tempt by offering pleasure or advantage.
enticed:Attract or tempt by offering pleasure or advantage.
enticement:Something used to attract or to tempt someone; a lure.
enticements:Something used to attract or to tempt someone; a lure.
entices:Attract or tempt by offering pleasure or advantage.
enticing:Attractive or tempting; alluring.
entire:An uncastrated male horse.
entirely:Completely (often used for emphasis)
entires:An uncastrated male horse.
entirety:The whole of something.
entities:A thing with distinct and independent existence.
entitle:Give (someone) a legal right or a just claim to receive or do something.
entitled:Believing oneself to be inherently deserving of privileges or special treatment.
entitlement:The fact of having a right to something.
entitlements:The fact of having a right to something.
entitles:Give (someone) a legal right or a just claim to receive or do something.
entitling:Give (someone) a legal right or a just claim to receive or do something.
entity:A thing with distinct and independent existence.
entomb:Place (a dead body) in a tomb.
entombed:Place (a dead body) in a tomb.
entombment:The placing of a dead body in a tomb; interment.
entombs:Place (a dead body) in a tomb.
entomologist:A person who studies or is an expert in the branch of zoology concerned with insects.
entomologists:A person who studies or is an expert in the branch of zoology concerned with insects.
entomology:The branch of zoology concerned with the study of insects.
entourage:A group of people attending or surrounding an important person.
entrails:A person or animal's intestines or internal organs, especially when removed or exposed.
entrain:Board a train.
entrained:Board a train.
entrance:An opening, such as a door, passage, or gate, that allows access to a place.
entranced:An opening, such as a door, passage, or gate, that allows access to a place.
entrances:An opening, such as a door, passage, or gate, that allows access to a place.
entrancing:Capable of attracting and holding interest; charming.
entrant:A person or group that enters, joins, or takes part in something.
entrants:A person or group that enters or takes part in something.
entrap:Catch (someone or something) in or as in a trap.
entrapment:The state of being caught in or as in a trap.
entrapped:Catch in or as in a trap.
entrapping:Catch in or as in a trap.
entreat:Ask someone earnestly or anxiously to do something.
entreated:Ask someone earnestly or anxiously to do something.
entreaties:An earnest or humble request.
entreating:Expressing an earnest or anxious request; pleading.
entreats:Ask someone earnestly or anxiously to do something.
entreaty:An earnest or humble request.
entree:The main course of a meal.
entrench:Establish (an attitude, habit, or belief) so firmly that change is very difficult or unlikely.
entrenched:(of an attitude, habit, or belief) firmly established and difficult or unlikely to change; ingrained.
entrenching:Establish (an attitude, habit, or belief) so firmly that change is very difficult or unlikely.
entrenchment:The process or fact of an attitude, habit, or belief becoming so firmly established that change is very difficult or unlikely.
entrepreneur:A person who organizes and operates a business or businesses, taking on greater than normal financial risks in order to do so.
entrepreneurial:Characterized by the taking of financial risks in the hope of profit; enterprising.
entrepreneurs:A person who sets up a business or businesses, taking on financial risks in the hope of profit.
entrepreneurship:The activity of setting up a business or businesses, taking on financial risks in the hope of profit.
entries:An act of going or coming in.
entropy:A thermodynamic quantity representing the unavailability of a system's thermal energy for conversion into mechanical work, often interpreted as the degree of disorder or randomness in the system.
entrust:Assign the responsibility for doing something to (someone)
entrusted:Assign the responsibility for doing something to (someone)
entrusting:Assign the responsibility for doing something to (someone)
entrusts:Assign the responsibility for doing something to (someone)
entry:An act of going or coming in.
entwine:Wind or twist together; interweave.
entwined:Wind or twist together; interweave.
entwines:Wind or twist together; interweave.
entwining:Wind or twist together; interweave.
enumerable:Able to be counted by one-to-one correspondence with the set of all positive integers.
enumerate:Mention (a number of things) one by one.
enumerated:Mention (a number of things) one by one.
enumerates:Mention (a number of things) one by one.
enumerating:Mention (a number of things) one by one.
enumeration:The action of mentioning a number of things one by one.
enumerations:The action of mentioning a number of things one by one.
enumerator:A person employed in taking a census of the population.
enumerators:A person employed in taking a census of the population.
enunciate:Say or pronounce clearly.
enunciated:Say or pronounce clearly.
enunciating:Say or pronounce clearly.
envelop:Wrap up, cover, or surround completely.
envelope:A flat paper container with a sealable flap, used to enclose a letter or document.
enveloped:Wrap up, cover, or surround completely.
envelopes:A flat paper container with a sealable flap, used to enclose a letter or document.
enveloping:Wrap up, cover, or surround completely.
envelops:Wrap up, cover, or surround completely.
enviable:Arousing or likely to arouse envy.
envied:Desire to have a quality, possession, or other desirable thing belonging to (someone else)
envies:Desire to have a quality, possession, or other desirable thing belonging to (someone else)
envious:Feeling or showing envy.
environ:Surround; enclose.
environment:The surroundings or conditions in which a person, animal, or plant lives or operates.
environmental:Relating to the natural world and the impact of human activity on its condition.
environmentalism:Concern about and action aimed at protecting the environment.
environmentalist:A person who is concerned with or advocates the protection of the environment.
environmentalists:A person who is concerned about protecting the environment.
environmentally:In a way that relates to the natural world and the impact of human activity on its condition.
environments:The surroundings or conditions in which a person, animal, or plant lives or operates.
environs:The surrounding area or district.
envisage:Contemplate or conceive of as a possibility or a desirable future event.
envisaged:Contemplate or conceive of as a possibility or a desirable future event.
envisages:Contemplate or conceive of as a possibility or a desirable future event.
envisaging:Contemplate or conceive of as a possibility or a desirable future event.
envision:Imagine as a future possibility; visualize.
envisioned:Imagine as a future possibility; visualize.
envoy:A messenger or representative, especially one on a diplomatic mission.
envoys:A messenger or representative, especially one on a diplomatic mission.
envy:Desire to have a quality, possession, or other desirable attribute belonging to (someone else)
envying:Desire to have a quality, possession, or other desirable thing belonging to (someone else)
enwrap:Wrap; envelop.
enzymatic:Relating to or involving a substance produced by a living organism which acts as a catalyst to bring about a specific biochemical reaction.
enzyme:A substance produced by a living organism which acts as a catalyst to bring about a specific biochemical reaction.
enzymes:A substance produced by a living organism which acts as a catalyst to bring about a specific biochemical reaction.
eon:An indefinite and very long period of time, often a period exaggerated for humorous or rhetorical effect.
eosin:A red fluorescent dye that is a bromine derivative of fluorescein, or one of its salts or other derivatives.
epaulettes:An ornamental shoulder piece on an item of clothing, especially on the coat or jacket of a military uniform.
ephemera:Things that exist or are used or enjoyed for only a short time.
ephemeral:An ephemeral plant.
ephemeris:A table or data file giving the calculated positions of a celestial object at regular intervals throughout a period.
ephor:(in ancient Greece) one of five senior Spartan magistrates.
epic:A long poem, typically one derived from ancient oral tradition, narrating the deeds and adventures of heroic or legendary figures or the history of a nation.
epicarp:The outermost layer of the pericarp.
epicentre:The point on the earth's surface vertically above the focus of an earthquake.
epics:A long poem, typically one derived from ancient oral tradition, narrating the deeds and adventures of heroic or legendary figures or the past history of a nation.
epicure:A person who takes particular pleasure in fine food and drink.
epicurean:A disciple or student of the Greek philosopher Epicurus.
epicycles:A small circle whose centre moves round the circumference of a larger one.
epicycloid:A curve traced by a point on the circumference of a circle rolling on the exterior of another circle.
epidemic:A widespread occurrence of an infectious disease in a community at a particular time.
epidemics:A widespread occurrence of an infectious disease in a community at a particular time.
epidemiological:Relating to the branch of medicine which deals with the incidence, distribution, and control of diseases.
epidemiologist:A person who studies or is an expert in the branch of medicine which deals with the incidence, distribution, and possible control of diseases.
epidemiologists:A person who studies or is an expert in the branch of medicine which deals with the incidence, distribution, and possible control of diseases.
epidemiology:The branch of medicine which deals with the incidence, distribution, and possible control of diseases and other factors relating to health.
epidermal:Relating to or denoting the outer layer of cells covering an organism.
epidermis:The surface epithelium of the skin, overlying the dermis.
epidural:An epidural anesthetic, used especially in childbirth to produce loss of sensation below the waist.
epigenetic:Relating to or arising from nongenetic influences on gene expression.
epigones:A less distinguished follower or imitator of someone, especially an artist or philosopher.
epigram:A pithy saying or remark expressing an idea in a clever and amusing way.
epigrammatic:Of the nature or in the style of an epigram; concise, clever, and amusing.
epigrams:A pithy saying or remark expressing an idea in a clever and amusing way.
epigraph:An inscription on a building, statue, or coin.
epigraphy:The study and interpretation of ancient inscriptions.
epilepsy:A neurological disorder marked by sudden recurrent episodes of sensory disturbance, loss of consciousness, or convulsions, associated with abnormal electrical activity in the brain.
epileptic:A person who has epilepsy.
epileptics:A person who has epilepsy.
epilogue:A section or speech at the end of a book or play that serves as a comment on or a conclusion to what has happened.
epinephrine:another term for adrenaline
epiphenomena:A secondary effect or by-product.
epiphenomenon:A secondary effect or byproduct that arises from but does not causally influence a process.
episcopacy:Government of a Church by bishops.
episcopal:Of a bishop or bishops.
episcopalian:An adherent of episcopacy.
episcopate:The office or term of office of a bishop.
episode:An event or a group of events occurring as part of a larger sequence; an incident or period considered in isolation.
episodes:An event or a group of events occurring as part of a sequence; an incident or period considered in isolation.
episodic:Containing or consisting of a series of loosely connected parts or events.
epistemic:Relating to knowledge or to the degree of its validation.
epistemological:Relating to the theory of knowledge, especially with regard to its methods, validity, and scope, and the distinction between justified belief and opinion.
epistemology:The theory of knowledge, especially with regard to its methods, validity, and scope. Epistemology is the investigation of what distinguishes justified belief from opinion.
epistle:A letter.
epistles:A letter.
epistolary:(of a literary work) in the form of letters.
epitaph:A phrase or form of words written in memory of a person who has died, especially as an inscription on a tombstone.
epitaphs:A phrase or form of words written in memory of a person who has died, especially as an inscription on a tombstone.
epitaxy:The natural or artificial growth of crystals on a crystalline substrate determining their orientation.
epithelial:Relating to or denoting the thin tissue forming the outer layer of a body's surface and lining the alimentary canal and other hollow structures.
epithelium:The thin tissue forming the outer layer of a body's surface and lining the alimentary canal and other hollow structures.
epithet:An adjective or descriptive phrase expressing a quality characteristic of the person or thing mentioned.
epithets:An adjective or phrase expressing a quality or attribute regarded as characteristic of the person or thing mentioned.
epitome:A person or thing that is a perfect example of a particular quality or type.
epitomise:Be a perfect example of.
epitomised:Be a perfect example of.
epitomises:Be a perfect example of.
epoch:A period of time in history or a person's life, typically one marked by notable events or particular characteristics.
epochal:Forming or characterizing an epoch; epoch-making.
epochs:A particular period of time in history or a person's life.
epoxies:Glue (something) using epoxy resin.
epoxy:Glue (something) using epoxy resin.
epsilon:The fifth letter of the Greek alphabet (Ε, ε), transliterated as ‘e.’.
equable:(of a person) not easily disturbed or angered; calm and even-tempered.
equal:Be the same as in number or amount.
equalise:Make the same in quantity, size, or degree throughout a place or group.
equalised:Make the same in quantity, size, or degree throughout a place or group.
equaliser:A thing which has an equalizing effect.
equalisers:A thing which has an equalizing effect.
equalising:Make the same in quantity, size, or degree throughout a place or group.
equalities:The state of being equal, especially in status, rights, or opportunities.
equality:The state of being equal, especially in status, rights, and opportunities.
equalled:Be the same as in number or amount.
equalling:Be the same as in number or amount.
equally:In the same manner or to the same extent.
equals:Be the same as in number or amount.
equanimity:Mental calmness, composure, and evenness of temper, especially in a difficult situation.
equate:Consider (one thing) to be the same as or equivalent to another.
equated:Consider (one thing) to be the same as or equivalent to another.
equates:Consider (one thing) to be the same as or equivalent to another.
equating:Consider (one thing) to be the same as or equivalent to another.
equation:A statement that the values of two mathematical expressions are equal (indicated by the sign =).
equations:A statement that the values of two mathematical expressions are equal (indicated by the sign =).
equator:An imaginary line drawn around the earth equally distant from both poles, dividing the earth into northern and southern hemispheres and constituting the parallel of latitude 0°.
equatorial:Of, at, or near the equator.
equerry:An officer of the British royal household who attends or assists members of the royal family.
equestrian:A rider or performer on horseback.
equestrianism:The skill or sport of horse riding. As an Olympic sport it is divided into three disciplines: show jumping, dressage, and the three-day event (combining show jumping, dressage, and cross-country riding).
equiangular:Having equal angles.
equidistant:At equal distances.
equilateral:Having all its sides of the same length.
equilibrating:Bring into or keep in equilibrium.
equilibria:A state in which opposing forces or influences are balanced.
equilibrium:A state in which opposing forces or influences are balanced.
equine:A horse or other member of the horse family.
equinoctial:another term for celestial equator
equinox:The time or date (twice each year) at which the sun crosses the celestial equator, when day and night are of approximately equal length (about September 22 and March 20).
equinoxes:The time or date (twice each year) at which the sun crosses the celestial equator, when day and night are of approximately equal length (about 22 September and 20 March).
equip:Supply with the necessary items for a particular purpose.
equipartition:The equal distribution of the kinetic energy of a system among its various degrees of freedom.
equipment:The necessary items for a particular purpose.
equipped:Supply with the necessary items for a particular purpose.
equipping:Supply with the necessary items for a particular purpose.
equips:Supply with the necessary items for a particular purpose.
equitable:Fair and impartial.
equitably:In a fair and impartial manner.
equity:The quality of being fair and impartial.
equivalence:The condition of being equal or equivalent in value, worth, function, etc.
equivalences:The condition of being equal or equivalent in value, worth, function, etc.
equivalent:A person or thing that is equal to or corresponds with another in value, amount, function, meaning, etc.
equivalents:A person or thing that is equal to or corresponds with another in value, amount, function, meaning, etc.
equivocal:Open to more than one interpretation; ambiguous.
equivocated:Use ambiguous language so as to conceal the truth or avoid committing oneself.
equivocating:Use ambiguous language so as to conceal the truth or avoid committing oneself.
equivocation:The use of ambiguous language to conceal the truth or to avoid committing oneself; prevarication.
equivocations:The use of ambiguous language to conceal the truth or to avoid committing oneself; prevarication.
era:A long and distinct period of history with a particular feature or characteristic.
eradicate:Destroy completely; put an end to.
eradicated:(of a tree or plant) depicted with the roots exposed.
eradicating:Destroy completely; put an end to.
eradication:The complete destruction of something.
eras:A long and distinct period of history.
erase:Rub out or remove (writing or marks)
erased:(of a head or limb) depicted as cut off in a jagged line.
eraser:An object, typically a piece of soft rubber or plastic, used to rub out something written.
erasers:A piece of soft rubber or plastic used to rub out something written.
erases:Rub out or remove (writing or marks)
erasing:Rub out or remove (writing or marks)
erasure:The removal of writing, recorded material, or data.
erasures:The removal of writing, recorded material, or data.
erbium:The chemical element of atomic number 68, a soft silvery-white metal of the lanthanide series.
ere:Before (a specified time)
erect:Construct (a building, wall, or other upright structure)
erected:Put together and set upright (a building, wall, or other structure)
erectile:Able to become erect.
erecting:Put together and set upright (a building, wall, or other structure)
erection:The action of erecting a structure or object.
erects:Put together and set upright (a building, wall, or other structure)
erg:A unit of work or energy, equal to the work done by a force of one dyne when its point of application moves one centimeter in the direction of action of the force.
ergo:Therefore.
ergodic:Relating to or denoting systems or processes with the property that, given sufficient time, they include or impinge on all points in a given space and can be represented statistically by a reasonably large selection of points.
ergonomic:Relating to or designed for efficiency and comfort in the working environment.
ergonomically:In a way that relates to or is designed for efficiency and comfort in the working environment.
ergonomics:The study of people's efficiency in their working environment.
ergot:A fungal disease of rye and other cereals in which black elongated fruiting bodies grow in the ears of the cereal. Eating contaminated food can result in ergotism.
ergs:A unit of work or energy, equal to the work done by a force of one dyne when its point of application moves one centimetre in the direction of action of the force.
erica:A plant of the genus Erica (family Ericaceae), especially (in gardening) heather.
ericas:A plant of the genus Erica (family Ericaceae ), especially (in gardening) heather.
eritrea:An independent state in northeastern Africa, on the Red Sea; population 5,200,000 (estimated 2015); language, Tigre and Cushitic languages; capital, Asmara.
ermine:A stoat, especially when in its white winter coat.
erode:(of wind, water, or other natural agents) gradually wear away (soil, rock, or land)
eroded:(of wind, water, or other natural agents) gradually wear away (soil, rock, or land)
erodes:(of wind, water, or other natural agents) gradually wear away (soil, rock, or land)
eroding:(of wind, water, or other natural agents) gradually wear away (soil, rock, or land)
erogenous:(of a part of the body) sensitive to sexual stimulation.
eros:The god of love, son of Aphrodite.
erosion:The process of eroding or being eroded by wind, water, or other natural agents.
erotic:Relating to or tending to arouse sexual desire or excitement.
erotica:Literature or art intended to arouse sexual desire.
eroticism:The quality or character of being erotic.
err:Be mistaken or incorrect; make a mistake.
errand:A short journey undertaken in order to deliver or collect something, especially on someone else's behalf.
errands:A short journey undertaken in order to deliver or collect something, especially on someone else's behalf.
errant:Erring or straying from the proper course or standards.
errata:An error in printing or writing.
erratic:A rock or boulder that differs from the surrounding rock and is believed to have been brought from a distance by glacial action.
erratically:In a manner that is not even or regular in pattern or movement; unpredictably.
erratum:An error in printing or writing.
erred:Be mistaken or incorrect; make a mistake.
erring:Having failed to adhere to the proper or accepted standards; having done wrong.
erroneous:Wrong; incorrect.
erroneously:In a mistaken way; incorrectly.
error:A mistake.
errors:A mistake.
errs:Be mistaken or incorrect; make a mistake.
ersatz:(of a product) made or used as a substitute, typically an inferior one, for something else.
erst:Long ago; formerly.
erstwhile:Formerly.
erudite:Having or showing great knowledge or learning.
erudition:The quality of having or showing great knowledge or learning; scholarship.
erupt:(of a volcano) become active and eject lava, ash, and gases.
erupted:(of a volcano) become active and eject lava, ash, and gases.
erupting:(of a volcano) become active and eject lava, ash, and gases.
eruption:An act or instance of erupting.
eruptions:An act or instance of erupting.
eruptive:Relating to or formed by volcanic activity.
erupts:(of a volcano) become active and eject lava, ash, and gases.
erysipelas:An acute, sometimes recurrent disease caused by a bacterial infection. It is characterized by large, raised red patches on the skin, especially that of the face and legs, with fever and severe general illness.
esau:(in the Bible) the elder of the twin sons of Isaac and Rebecca, who sold his birthright to his brother Jacob and was tricked out of his father's blessing by his brother (Gen. 25, 27).
escalade:The scaling of fortified walls using ladders, as a form of military attack.
escalate:Increase rapidly.
escalated:Increase rapidly.
escalates:Increase rapidly.
escalating:Increasing rapidly.
escalation:A rapid increase; a rise.
escalator:A moving staircase consisting of an endlessly circulating belt of steps driven by a motor, conveying people between the floors of a public building.
escalators:A moving staircase consisting of an endlessly circulating belt of steps driven by a motor, which conveys people between the floors of a public building.
escapade:An act or incident involving excitement, daring, or adventure.
escapades:An act or incident involving excitement, daring, or adventure.
escape:Break free from confinement or control.
escaped:Having broken free from confinement or control.
escapee:A person who has escaped from somewhere, especially prison.
escapees:A person who has escaped from somewhere, especially prison.
escapement:A mechanism in a clock or watch that alternately checks and releases the train by a fixed amount and transmits a periodic impulse from the spring or weight to the balance wheel or pendulum.
escapes:Break free from confinement or control.
escaping:Break free from confinement or control.
escapism:The tendency to seek distraction and relief from unpleasant realities, especially by seeking entertainment or engaging in fantasy.
escapist:A person who seeks distraction and relief from unpleasant realities, especially in the form of entertainment or fantasy.
escapology:The skill of freeing oneself from the confinement of such things as ropes, handcuffs, and chains, as a form of entertainment.
escarp:A steep bank or slope, especially that of a ditch in a fortification.
escarpment:A long, steep slope, especially one at the edge of a plateau or separating areas of land at different heights.
escarpments:A long, steep slope, especially one at the edge of a plateau or separating areas of land at different heights.
escarps:A steep bank or slope, especially that of a ditch in a fortification.
eschatological:Relating to death, judgment, and the final destiny of the soul and of humankind.
eschatology:The part of theology concerned with death, judgment, and the final destiny of the soul and of humankind.
eschew:Deliberately avoid using; abstain from.
eschewed:Deliberately avoid using; abstain from.
eschewing:Deliberately avoid using; abstain from.
eschews:Deliberately avoid using; abstain from.
escort:Accompany (someone or something) somewhere, especially for protection or security, or as a mark of rank.
escorted:Accompany (someone or something) somewhere as an escort.
escorting:Accompany (someone or something) somewhere as an escort.
escorts:Accompany (someone or something) somewhere as an escort.
escudo:The basic monetary unit of Portugal (until the introduction of the euro) and Cape Verde, equal to 100 centavos.
eskimo:A member of an indigenous people inhabiting northern Canada, Alaska, Greenland, and eastern Siberia, traditionally living by hunting (especially of seals) and by fishing.
esoteric:Intended for or likely to be understood by only a small number of people with a specialized knowledge or interest.
esoterica:Esoteric or highly specialized subjects or publications.
espadrilles:A light canvas shoe with a plaited fibre sole.
especial:Better or greater than usual; special.
especially:Used to single out one person, thing, or situation over all others.
espied:Catch sight of.
espionage:The practice of spying or of using spies, typically by governments to obtain political and military information.
esplanade:A long, open, level area, typically beside the sea, along which people may walk for pleasure.
espousal:An act of adopting or supporting a cause, belief, or way of life.
espouse:Adopt or support (a cause, belief, or way of life)
espoused:Adopt or support (a cause, belief, or way of life)
espouses:Adopt or support (a cause, belief, or way of life)
espousing:Adopt or support (a cause, belief, or way of life)
espresso:Strong black coffee made by forcing steam through ground coffee beans.
esprit:The quality of being lively, vivacious, or witty.
espy:Catch sight of.
espying:Catch sight of.
esquire:A title appended to a lawyer's surname.A polite title appended to a man's name when no other title is used, typically in the address of a letter or other documents.
esquires:A polite title appended to a man's name when no other title is used, typically in the address of a letter or other documents.A title appended to the surname of a lawyer (of either sex).
essay:Attempt or try.
essayed:Attempt or try.
essayist:A person who writes essays, especially as a literary genre.
essayists:A person who writes essays, especially as a literary genre.
essays:Attempt or try.
essen:An industrial city in the Ruhr valley, in northwestern Germany; population 583,200 (est. 2006).
essence:The intrinsic nature or indispensable quality of something, especially something abstract, that determines its character.
essential:A thing that is absolutely necessary.
essentialism:A belief that things have a set of characteristics which make them what they are, and that the task of science and philosophy is their discovery and expression; the doctrine that essence is prior to existence.
essentially:Used to emphasize the basic, fundamental, or intrinsic nature of a person, thing, or situation.
essentials:A thing that is absolutely necessary.
est:A system for self-improvement aimed at developing a person's potential through intensive group awareness and training sessions.
establish:Set up (an organization, system, or set of rules) on a firm or permanent basis.
established:Having been in existence for a long time and therefore recognized and generally accepted.
establishes:Set up on a firm or permanent basis.
establishing:Set up on a firm or permanent basis.
establishment:The action of establishing something or being established.
estate:An extensive area of land in the country, usually with a large house, owned by one person, family, or organization.
esteem:Respect and admire.
esteemed:Held in great respect; admired.
esteems:Respect and admire.
ester:An organic compound made by replacing the hydrogen of an acid by an alkyl or other organic group. Many naturally occurring fats and essential oils are esters of fatty acids.
esters:An organic compound made by replacing the hydrogen of an acid by an alkyl or other organic group. Many naturally occurring fats and essential oils are esters of fatty acids.
esthetic:A set of principles underlying the work of a particular artist or artistic movement.
estimable:Worthy of great respect.
estimate:Roughly calculate or judge the value, number, quantity, or extent of.
estimated:(of a value or number) roughly calculated; approximate.
estimates:Roughly calculate or judge the value, number, quantity, or extent of.
estimating:Roughly calculate or judge the value, number, quantity, or extent of.
estimation:A rough calculation of the value, number, quantity, or extent of something.
estimations:A rough calculation of the value, number, quantity, or extent of something.
estimator:A rule, method, or criterion for arriving at an estimate of the value of a parameter.
estimators:A rule, method, or criterion for arriving at an estimate of the value of a parameter.
estonia:A Baltic country on the southern coast of the Gulf of Finland; population 1,300,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Tallinn; languages, Estonian (official) and Russian.
estranged:(of a person) no longer close or affectionate to someone; alienated.
estrangement:The fact of no longer being on friendly terms or part of a social group.
estrangements:The fact of no longer being on friendly terms or part of a social group.
estuaries:The tidal mouth of a large river, where the tide meets the stream.
estuarine:Of or found in the tidal mouths of large rivers.
estuary:The tidal mouth of a large river, where the tide meets the stream.
eta:The seventh letter of the Greek alphabet (Η, η), transliterated as ‘e’ or ‘ē’.
etcetera:Used at the end of a list to indicate that further, similar items are included.
etch:Engrave (metal, glass, or stone) by coating it with a protective layer, drawing on it with a needle, and then covering it with acid to attack the parts the needle has exposed, especially in order to produce prints from it.
etched:Made by or subjected to etching.
etches:Engrave (metal, glass, or stone) by coating it with a protective layer, drawing on it with a needle, and then covering it with acid to attack the parts the needle has exposed, especially in order to produce prints from it.
etching:A print produced by the process of etching.
etchings:A print produced by the process of etching.
eternal:Lasting or existing forever; without end or beginning.
eternally:In a way that continues or lasts forever; permanently.
eternity:Infinite or unending time.
ethane:A colorless, odorless, flammable gas which is a constituent of petroleum and natural gas. It is the second member of the alkane series.
ethanol:A colorless volatile flammable liquid which is produced by the natural fermentation of sugars; alcohol.
ether:A pleasant-smelling colorless volatile liquid that is highly flammable. It is used as an anesthetic and as a solvent or intermediate in industrial processes.
ethereal:Extremely delicate and light in a way that seems too perfect for this world.
etherised:Anaesthetize (a person or animal) with ether.
ethic:A set of moral principles, especially ones relating to or affirming a specified group, field, or form of conduct.
ethical:Relating to moral principles or the branch of knowledge dealing with these.
ethically:In a way that relates to moral principles.
ethics:Moral principles that govern a person's behavior or the conducting of an activity.
ethiopia:A country in northeastern Africa, on the Red Sea; population 99,400,000 (estimated 2015); languages, Amharic (official), several other Afro-Asiatic languages; capital, Addis Ababa.
ethnic:A member of an ethnic minority.
ethnically:With reference to birth, origins, or cultural background.
ethnicity:The quality or fact of belonging to a population group or subgroup made up of people who share a common cultural background or descent.
ethnocentric:Evaluating other peoples and cultures according to the standards of one's own culture.
ethnographic:Relating to the scientific description of peoples and cultures with their customs, habits, and mutual differences.
ethnography:The scientific description of the customs of individual peoples and cultures.
ethnology:The study of the characteristics of various peoples and the differences and relationships between them.
ethology:The science of animal behavior.
ethos:The characteristic spirit of a culture, era, or community as manifested in its beliefs and aspirations.
ethyl:Of or denoting the hydrocarbon radical—C₂H₅, derived from ethane and present in many organic compounds.
ethylene:A flammable hydrocarbon gas of the alkene series, occurring in natural gas, coal gas, and crude oil and given off by ripening fruit. It is used in chemical synthesis, especially in the manufacture of polyethylene.
etiquette:The customary code of polite behavior in society or among members of a particular profession or group.
etui:A small ornamental case for holding needles, cosmetics, and other articles.
etymological:Relating to the origin and historical development of words and their meanings.
etymology:The study of the origin of words and the way in which their meanings have changed throughout history.
eucalyptus:A fast-growing evergreen Australasian tree that has been widely introduced elsewhere. It is valued for its timber, oil, gum, resin, and as an ornamental tree.
eugenic:Relating to or derived from eugenics.
eugenics:The study of how to arrange reproduction within a human population to increase the occurrence of heritable characteristics regarded as desirable. Developed largely by Sir Francis Galton as a method of improving the human race, eugenics was increasingly discredited as unscientific and racially biased during the 20th century, especially after the adoption of its doctrines by the Nazis in order to justify their treatment of Jews, disabled people, and other minority groups.
eukaryote:An organism consisting of a cell or cells in which the genetic material is DNA in the form of chromosomes contained within a distinct nucleus. Eukaryotes include all living organisms other than the eubacteria and archaebacteria.
eukaryotes:An organism consisting of a cell or cells in which the genetic material is DNA in the form of chromosomes contained within a distinct nucleus. Eukaryotes include all living organisms other than the eubacteria and archaea.
eulogies:A speech or piece of writing that praises someone or something highly, especially a tribute to someone who has just died.
eulogise:Praise highly in speech or writing.
eulogises:Praise highly in speech or writing.
eulogising:Praise highly in speech or writing.
eulogy:A speech or piece of writing that praises someone or something highly, typically someone who has just died.
eunuch:A man who has been castrated, especially (in the past) one employed to guard the women's living areas at an oriental court.
eunuchs:A man who has been castrated, especially (in the past) one employed to guard the women's living areas at an oriental court.
euphemism:A mild or indirect word or expression substituted for one considered to be too harsh or blunt when referring to something unpleasant or embarrassing.
euphemisms:A mild or indirect word or expression substituted for one considered to be too harsh or blunt when referring to something unpleasant or embarrassing.
euphemistic:Using or of the nature of a euphemism.
euphemistically:By means of a mild or indirect word or expression instead of one considered too harsh or blunt.
euphonious:(of sound, especially speech) pleasing to the ear.
euphonium:A valved brass musical instrument resembling a small tuba of tenor pitch, played mainly in military and brass bands.
euphoniums:A valved brass musical instrument of tenor pitch, resembling a small tuba.
euphony:The quality of being pleasing to the ear, especially through a harmonious combination of words.
euphoria:A feeling or state of intense excitement and happiness.
euphoric:Characterized by or feeling intense excitement and happiness.
eurasia:A term used to describe the combined continental landmass of Europe and Asia.
eurasian:A person of mixed European (or European American) and Asian parentage.
eureka:A cry of joy or satisfaction when one finds or discovers something.
euro:The single European currency, which replaced the national currencies of France, Germany, Spain, Italy, Greece, Portugal, Luxembourg, Austria, Finland, the Republic of Ireland, Belgium, and the Netherlands in 2002. Nineteen member states of the European Union now use the euro.
europe:A continent in the northern hemisphere, separated from Africa on the south by the Mediterranean Sea and from Asia on the east roughly by the Bosporus, the Caucasus Mountains, and the Ural Mountains. Europe contains approximately 10 percent of the world's population. It consists of the western part of the landmass of which Asia forms the eastern (and greater) part and includes the British Isles, Iceland, and most of the Mediterranean islands. Its recent history has been dominated by the decline of European states from their former colonial and economic preeminence, the emergence of the European Union among the wealthy democracies of western Europe, and the collapse of the Soviet Union with consequent changes of power in central and eastern Europe.
european:A native or inhabitant of Europe.
eurydice:The wife of Orpheus. After she was killed by a snake, Orpheus secured her release from the underworld on the condition that he not look back at her on their way back to the world of the living. But Orpheus did look back, whereupon Eurydice disappeared.
eutectic:A eutectic mixture.
euthanasia:The painless killing of a patient suffering from an incurable and painful disease or in an irreversible coma. The practice is illegal in most countries.
evacuate:Remove (someone) from a place of danger to a safer place.
evacuated:Remove (someone) from a place of danger to a safer place.
evacuating:Remove (someone) from a place of danger to a safer place.
evacuation:The action of evacuating a person or a place.
evacuations:The action of evacuating a person or a place.
evacuee:A person evacuated from a place of danger to somewhere safe.
evacuees:A person evacuated from a place of danger.
evade:Escape or avoid, especially by cleverness or trickery.
evaded:Escape or avoid (someone or something), especially by guile or trickery.
evades:Escape or avoid (someone or something), especially by guile or trickery.
evading:Escape or avoid (someone or something), especially by guile or trickery.
evaluate:Form an idea of the amount, number, or value of; assess.
evaluated:Form an idea of the amount, number, or value of; assess.
evaluates:Form an idea of the amount, number, or value of; assess.
evaluating:Form an idea of the amount, number, or value of; assess.
evaluation:The making of a judgment about the amount, number, or value of something; assessment.
evaluations:The making of a judgement about the amount, number, or value of something; assessment.
evaluative:Based on or relating to an assessment to form an idea of the value of something.
evaluator:A person who assesses the amount, extent, or value of something.
evaluators:A person who assesses the amount, extent, or value of something.
evanescent:Soon passing out of sight, memory, or existence; quickly fading or disappearing.
evangelical:A member of the evangelical tradition in the Christian Church.
evangelicals:A member of the evangelical tradition in the Christian Church.
evangelise:Convert or seek to convert (someone) to Christianity.
evangelising:Convert or seek to convert (someone) to Christianity.
evangelism:The spreading of the Christian gospel by public preaching or personal witness.
evangelist:A person who seeks to convert others to the Christian faith, especially by public preaching.
evangelistic:Seeking to convert others to the Christian faith; missionary.
evangelists:A person who seeks to convert others to the Christian faith, especially by public preaching.
evaporate:Turn from liquid into vapor.
evaporated:Turn from liquid into vapour.
evaporates:Turn from liquid into vapour.
evaporating:Turn from liquid into vapour.
evaporation:The process of turning from liquid into vapor.
evasion:The action of evading something.
evasive:Tending to avoid commitment or self-revelation, especially by responding only indirectly.
eve:The day or period of time immediately before an event or occasion.
even:Make or become even.
evened:Make or become even.
evener:Make or become even.
evenhanded:Fair and impartial in treatment or judgement.
evening:In the evening; every evening.
evenings:In the evening; every evening.
evenly:So as to present a flat or uniform surface or line.
evensong:(in the Christian Church) a service of evening prayers, psalms, and canticles, conducted according to a set form, especially that of the Anglican Church.
event:A thing that happens, especially one of importance.
eventful:Marked by interesting or exciting events.
eventide:The end of the day; evening.
eventing:An equestrian sport in which competitors must take part in each of several contests, usually cross-country, dressage, and show jumping.
events:A thing that happens or takes place, especially one of importance.
eventual:Occurring at the end of or as a result of a series of events; final; ultimate.
eventualities:A possible event or outcome.
eventuality:A possible event or outcome.
eventually:In the end, especially after a long delay, dispute, or series of problems.
ever:At any time.
everchanging:Constantly changing or developing.
evergreen:A plant that retains green leaves throughout the year.
evergreens:A plant that retains green leaves throughout the year.
everlasting:Eternity.
evermore:(chiefly used for rhetorical effect or in ecclesiastical contexts) always.
everpresent:A person who is always present over a particular period of time, especially in a sports team.
eversion:The action of turning a structure or organ outwards or inside out.
everting:Turn (a structure or organ) outwards or inside out.
every:(preceding a singular noun) used to refer to all the individual members of a set without exception.
everybody:Every person.
everyday:Each day; daily.
everyone:Every person.
everything:All things; all the things of a group or class.
everywhere:In or to all places.
eves:The day or period of time immediately before an event or occasion.
evict:Expel (someone) from a property, especially with the support of the law.
evicted:Expel (someone) from a property, especially with the support of the law.
evicting:Expel (someone) from a property, especially with the support of the law.
eviction:The action of expelling someone, especially a tenant, from a property; expulsion.
evictions:The action of expelling someone from a property; expulsion.
evicts:Expel (someone) from a property, especially with the support of the law.
evidence:Be or show evidence of.
evidenced:Be or show evidence of.
evidences:Be or show evidence of.
evident:Plain or obvious; clearly seen or understood.
evidential:Of or providing evidence.
evidently:Plainly or obviously; in a way that is clearly seen or understood.
evil:Profound immorality and wickedness, especially when regarded as a supernatural force.
evildoer:A person who commits profoundly immoral and malevolent deeds.
evils:Profound immorality and wickedness, especially when regarded as a supernatural force.
evince:Reveal the presence of (a quality or feeling)
evinced:Reveal the presence of (a quality or feeling); indicate.
evinces:Reveal the presence of (a quality or feeling); indicate.
evincing:Reveal the presence of (a quality or feeling); indicate.
eviscerate:Disembowel (a person or animal)
evocation:The act of bringing or recalling a feeling, memory, or image to the conscious mind.
evocations:The act of bringing or recalling a feeling, memory, or image to the conscious mind.
evocative:Bringing strong images, memories, or feelings to mind.
evoke:Bring or recall to the conscious mind.
evoked:Bring or recall (a feeling, memory, or image) to the conscious mind.
evokes:Bring or recall (a feeling, memory, or image) to the conscious mind.
evoking:Bring or recall (a feeling, memory, or image) to the conscious mind.
evolute:A curve which is the locus of the centers of curvature of another curve (its involute).
evolution:The process by which different kinds of living organisms are thought to have developed and diversified from earlier forms during the history of the earth.
evolutionarily:In a way that relates to evolution or gradual development.
evolutionary:Relating to or denoting the process by which different kinds of living organisms are believed to have developed from earlier forms.
evolutionist:A person who believes in the theories of evolution and natural selection.
evolutionists:A person who believes in the theories of evolution and natural selection.
evolutions:The process by which different kinds of living organism are believed to have developed from earlier forms during the history of the earth.
evolve:Develop gradually, especially from a simple to a more complex form.
evolved:Develop gradually.
evolves:Develop gradually.
evolving:Develop gradually.
ewe:A female sheep.
ewes:A female sheep.
exacerbate:Make (a problem, bad situation, or negative feeling) worse.
exacerbated:Make (a problem, bad situation, or negative feeling) worse.
exacerbates:Make (a problem, bad situation, or negative feeling) worse.
exacerbating:Make (a problem, bad situation, or negative feeling) worse.
exacerbation:The process of making a problem, bad situation, or negative feeling worse.
exact:Demand and obtain (something, especially a payment) from someone.
exacted:Demand and obtain (something) from someone.
exacting:Making great demands on one's skill, attention, or other resources.
exaction:The action of demanding and obtaining something from someone, especially a payment or service.
exactitude:The quality of being precise or accurate.
exactly:Without discrepancy (used to emphasize the accuracy of a figure or description)
exactness:The quality of being accurate or correct; precision.
exacts:Demand and obtain (something) from someone.
exaggerate:Represent (something) as being larger, better, or worse than it really is.
exaggerated:Regarded or represented as larger, better, or worse than in reality.
exaggerates:Represent (something) as being larger, better, or worse than it really is.
exaggerating:Represent (something) as being larger, better, or worse than it really is.
exaggeration:A statement that represents something as better or worse than it really is.
exaggerations:A statement that represents something as better or worse than it really is.
exalt:Hold (someone or something) in very high regard; think or speak very highly of.
exaltation:A feeling or state of extreme happiness.
exalted:(of a person or their rank or status) placed at a high or powerful level; held in high regard.
exalting:Think or speak very highly of (someone or something)
exalts:Think or speak very highly of (someone or something)
exam:short for examination (sense 2)
examination:A detailed inspection or investigation.
examinations:A detailed inspection or study.
examine:Inspect (someone or something) in detail to determine their nature or condition; investigate thoroughly.
examined:Inspect (someone or something) thoroughly in order to determine their nature or condition.
examinees:A person taking an examination or test.
examiner:A person whose job is to inspect something; an inspector.
examiners:A person whose job is to inspect something; an inspector.
examines:Inspect (someone or something) thoroughly in order to determine their nature or condition.
examining:Inspect (someone or something) thoroughly in order to determine their nature or condition.
example:Be illustrated or exemplified.
examples:Be illustrated or exemplified.
exams:short for examination (sense 2)
exasperate:Irritate and frustrate (someone) intensely.
exasperated:Intensely irritated and frustrated.
exasperating:Intensely irritating and frustrating.
exasperation:A feeling of intense irritation or annoyance.
excavate:Make (a hole or channel) by digging.
excavated:Make (a hole or channel) by digging.
excavating:Make (a hole or channel) by digging.
excavation:The action of excavating something, especially an archaeological site.
excavations:The action of excavating something, especially an archaeological site.
excavator:A person who removes earth carefully and systematically from an archaeological site in order to find buried remains.
excavators:A person who excavates an archaeological site.
exceed:Be greater in number or size than (a quantity, number, or other measurable thing)
exceeded:Be greater in number or size than (a quantity, number, or other measurable thing)
exceeding:Extremely; exceedingly.
exceedingly:Extremely.
exceeds:Be greater in number or size than (a quantity, number, or other measurable thing)
excel:Be exceptionally good at or proficient in an activity or subject.
excelled:Be exceptionally good at or proficient in an activity or subject.
excellence:The quality of being outstanding or extremely good.
excellencies:A title or form of address given to certain high officials of state, especially ambassadors, or of the Roman Catholic Church.
excellency:A title given to certain high officials of state, especially ambassadors, or of the Roman Catholic Church, or used in addressing them.
excellent:Extremely good; outstanding.
excellently:In an extremely good or outstanding way.
excelling:Be exceptionally good at or proficient in an activity or subject.
excels:Be exceptionally good at or proficient in an activity or subject.
excelsior:Used in the names of hotels, newspapers, and other products to indicate superior quality.
except:Not including; other than.
excepted:Not included in the category or group specified.
excepting:Except for; apart from.
exception:A person or thing that is excluded from a general statement or does not follow a rule.
exceptionable:Open to objection; causing disapproval or offense.
exceptional:Unusual; not typical.
exceptionally:To a greater degree than normal; unusually.
exceptions:A person or thing that is excluded from a general statement or does not follow a rule.
excepts:Not including; other than.
excerpt:Take (a short extract) from a text.
excerpted:Take (a short extract) from a text.
excerpts:Take (a short extract) from a text.
excess:An amount of something that is more than necessary, permitted, or desirable.
excesses:An amount of something that is more than necessary, permitted, or desirable.
excessive:More than is necessary, normal, or desirable; immoderate.
excessively:To a greater degree or in greater amounts than is necessary, normal, or desirable; inordinately.
exchange:Give something and receive something of the same kind in return.
exchanged:Give something and receive something of the same kind in return.
exchanges:Give something and receive something of the same kind in return.
exchanging:Give something and receive something of the same kind in return.
exchequer:A royal or national treasury.
excise:Charge excise on (goods).
excised:Having been cut out surgically.
excising:Charge excise on (goods).
excision:The action of excising something.
excitable:Responding rather too readily to something new or stimulating; too easily excited.
excitation:The application of energy to a particle, object, or physical system.
excite:Cause strong feelings of enthusiasm and eagerness in (someone)
excited:Very enthusiastic and eager.
excitedly:In a very enthusiastic and eager manner.
excitement:A feeling of great enthusiasm and eagerness.
excites:Cause (someone) to feel very enthusiastic and eager.
exciting:Causing great enthusiasm and eagerness.
excitingly:In a way that causes great enthusiasm and eagerness.
exciton:A mobile concentration of energy in a crystal formed by an excited electron and an associated hole.
exclaim:Cry out suddenly, especially in surprise, anger, or pain.
exclaimed:Cry out suddenly in surprise, strong emotion, or pain.
exclaiming:Cry out suddenly in surprise, strong emotion, or pain.
exclaims:Cry out suddenly in surprise, strong emotion, or pain.
exclamation:A sudden cry or remark, especially expressing surprise, anger, or pain.
exclamations:A sudden cry or remark expressing surprise, strong emotion, or pain.
exclamatory:Relating to a sudden cry or remark, especially one expressing surprise, anger, or pain.
exclude:Deny (someone) access to or bar (someone) from a place, group, or privilege.
excluded:Deny (someone) access to a place, group, or privilege.
excludes:Deny (someone) access to a place, group, or privilege.
excluding:Not taking someone or something into account; apart from; except.
exclusion:The process or state of excluding or being excluded.
exclusionary:Relating to or characterized by the exclusion of something, especially from a contract or group.
exclusive:An item or story published or broadcast by only one source.
exclusively:To the exclusion of others; only; solely.
exclusivity:The practice of excluding or not admitting other things.
excommunicate:Officially exclude (someone) from participation in the sacraments and services of the Christian Church.
excommunicated:Officially exclude (someone) from participation in the sacraments and services of the Christian Church.
excommunicating:Officially exclude (someone) from participation in the sacraments and services of the Christian Church.
excommunication:The action of officially excluding someone from participation in the sacraments and services of the Christian Church.
excrete:(of a living organism or cell) separate and expel as waste (a substance, especially a product of metabolism)
excruciating:Intensely painful.
excruciatingly:To an intensely painful degree.
excursion:A short journey or trip, especially one engaged in as a leisure activity.
excursions:A short journey or trip, especially one taken as a leisure activity.
excursus:A detailed discussion of a particular point in a book, usually in an appendix.
excusable:Able to be justified or forgiven; forgivable.
excuse:Attempt to lessen the blame attaching to (a fault or offense); seek to defend or justify.
excused:Seek to lessen the blame attaching to (a fault or offence); try to justify.
excuses:Seek to lessen the blame attaching to (a fault or offence); try to justify.
excusing:Seek to lessen the blame attaching to (a fault or offence); try to justify.
executable:An executable file or program.
execute:Carry out or put into effect (a plan, order, or course of action)
executed:Put (a plan, order, or course of action) into effect.
executes:Put (a plan, order, or course of action) into effect.
executing:Put (a plan, order, or course of action) into effect.
execution:The carrying out or putting into effect of a plan, order, or course of action.
executioner:An official who carries out a sentence of death on a legally condemned person.
executioners:An official who carries out a sentence of death on a condemned person.
executions:The carrying out of a plan, order, or course of action.
executive:A person with senior managerial responsibility in a business organization.
executives:A person with senior managerial responsibility in a business.
executor:A person or institution appointed by a testator to carry out the terms of their will.
executors:A person or institution appointed by a testator to carry out the terms of their will.
exegesis:Critical explanation or interpretation of a text, especially of scripture.
exemplar:A person or thing serving as a typical example or excellent model.
exemplars:A person or thing serving as a typical example or appropriate model.
exemplary:Serving as a desirable model; representing the best of its kind.
exemplified:Be a typical example of.
exemplifies:Be a typical example of.
exemplify:Be a typical example of.
exemplifying:Be a typical example of.
exempt:Free (a person or organization) from an obligation or liability imposed on others.
exempted:Free (a person or organization) from an obligation or liability imposed on others.
exempting:Free (a person or organization) from an obligation or liability imposed on others.
exemption:The process of freeing or state of being free from an obligation or liability imposed on others.
exemptions:The action of freeing or state of being free from an obligation or liability imposed on others.
exempts:Free (a person or organization) from an obligation or liability imposed on others.
exercise:Use or apply (a faculty, right, or process)
exercised:Use or apply (a faculty, right, or process)
exerciser:A person who exercises.
exercises:Use or apply (a faculty, right, or process)
exercising:Use or apply (a faculty, right, or process)
exert:Apply or bring to bear (a force, influence, or quality)
exerted:Apply or bring to bear (a force, influence, or quality)
exerting:Apply or bring to bear (a force, influence, or quality)
exertion:Physical or mental effort.
exertions:Physical or mental effort.
exerts:Apply or bring to bear (a force, influence, or quality)
exes:(of goods) sold direct from.
exeunt:Used as a stage direction in a printed play to indicate that a group of characters leave the stage.
exhalation:The process or action of exhaling.
exhale:Breathe out.
exhaled:Breathe out.
exhales:Breathe out.
exhaling:Breathe out.
exhaust:Drain (someone) of their physical or mental resources; tire out.
exhausted:Drained of one's physical or mental resources; very tired.
exhausting:Making one feel very tired; very tiring.
exhaustion:A state of extreme physical or mental fatigue.
exhaustive:Examining, including, or considering all elements or aspects; fully comprehensive.
exhaustively:In a way that includes or considers all elements or aspects; comprehensively.
exhausts:Make (someone) feel very tired.
exhibit:Publicly display (a work of art or item of interest) in an art gallery or museum or at a trade fair.
exhibited:Publicly display (a work of art or item of interest) in an art gallery or museum or at a trade fair.
exhibiting:Publicly display (a work of art or item of interest) in an art gallery or museum or at a trade fair.
exhibition:A public display of works of art or items of interest, held in an art gallery or museum or at a trade fair.
exhibitioner:A student who has been awarded an exhibition (scholarship).
exhibitioners:A student who has been awarded an exhibition (scholarship).
exhibitionism:Extravagant behavior that is intended to attract attention to oneself.
exhibitionist:A person who behaves in an extravagant way in order to attract attention.
exhibitionists:A person who behaves in an extravagant way in order to attract attention.
exhibitions:A public display of works of art or items of interest, held in an art gallery or museum or at a trade fair.
exhibitor:A person who displays works of art or other items of interest at an exhibition.
exhibitors:A person who displays works of art or other items of interest at an exhibition.
exhibits:Publicly display (a work of art or item of interest) in an art gallery or museum or at a trade fair.
exhilarate:Make (someone) feel very happy, animated, or elated.
exhilarated:Very happy, animated, or elated.
exhilarating:Making one feel very happy, animated, or elated; thrilling.
exhilaration:A feeling of excitement, happiness, or elation.
exhort:Strongly encourage or urge (someone) to do something.
exhortation:An address or communication emphatically urging someone to do something.
exhortations:An address or communication emphatically urging someone to do something.
exhorted:Strongly encourage or urge (someone) to do something.
exhorting:Strongly encourage or urge (someone) to do something.
exhorts:Strongly encourage or urge (someone) to do something.
exhumation:The action of digging up something buried, especially a corpse.
exhume:Dig out (something buried, especially a corpse) from the ground.
exhumed:Dig out (something buried, especially a corpse) from the ground.
exhumes:Dig out (something buried, especially a corpse) from the ground.
exhuming:Dig out (something buried, especially a corpse) from the ground.
exigencies:An urgent need or demand.
exigency:An urgent need or demand.
exigent:Pressing; demanding.
exiguous:Very small in size or amount.
exile:Expel and bar (someone) from their native country, typically for political or punitive reasons.
exiled:(of a person) having been expelled and barred from one's native country, typically for political or punitive reasons.
exiles:Expel and bar (someone) from their native country, typically for political or punitive reasons.
exiling:Expel and bar (someone) from their native country, typically for political or punitive reasons.
exist:Have objective reality or being.
existed:Have objective reality or being.
existence:The fact or state of living or having objective reality.
existent:Having reality or existence.
existential:Relating to existence.
existentialism:A philosophical theory or approach which emphasizes the existence of the individual person as a free and responsible agent determining their own development through acts of the will.
existentialist:A person who advocates the philosophical theory of existentialism.
existing:In existence or operation at the time under consideration; current.
exists:Have objective reality or being.
exit:A way out, especially of a public building, room, or passenger vehicle.
exited:Go out of or leave a place.
exiting:Go out of or leave a place.
exits:Go out of or leave a place.
exocrine:Relating to or denoting glands that secrete their products through ducts opening onto an epithelium rather than directly into the bloodstream.
exodus:A mass departure of people, especially emigrants.
exogenous:Relating to or developing from external factors.
exonerate:(especially of an official body) absolve (someone) from blame for a fault or wrongdoing, especially after due consideration of the case.
exonerated:(of an official body) absolve (someone) from blame for a fault or wrongdoing.
exonerates:(of an official body) absolve (someone) from blame for a fault or wrongdoing.
exonerating:(of an official body) absolve (someone) from blame for a fault or wrongdoing.
exoneration:The action of officially absolving someone from blame; vindication.
exorbitant:(of a price or amount charged) unreasonably high.
exorcise:Drive out or attempt to drive out (an evil spirit) from a person or place.
exorcised:Drive out or attempt to drive out (a supposed evil spirit) from a person or place.
exorcising:Drive out or attempt to drive out (a supposed evil spirit) from a person or place.
exorcism:The expulsion or attempted expulsion of a supposed evil spirit from a person or place.
exorcisms:The expulsion or attempted expulsion of a supposed evil spirit from a person or place.
exorcist:A person who expels or attempts to expel a supposed evil spirit from a person or place.
exoskeleton:A rigid external covering for the body in some invertebrate animals, especially arthropods, providing both support and protection.
exothermic:(of a reaction or process) accompanied by the release of heat.
exotic:An exotic plant or animal.
exotica:Objects considered strange or interesting because they are out of the ordinary, especially because they originated in a distant foreign country.
exoticism:The quality of being attractive or striking through being colorful or unusual.
expand:Become or make larger or more extensive.
expandable:Able to be made larger or more extensive.
expanded:Being or having been enlarged or extended.
expanding:Become or make larger or more extensive.
expands:Become or make larger or more extensive.
expanse:An area of something, typically land or sea, presenting a wide continuous surface.
expanses:A wide continuous area of something.
expansion:The action of becoming larger or more extensive.
expansionary:(of a policy or action) intended to result in economic or political expansion.
expansionism:The policy of territorial or economic expansion.
expansionist:A follower or advocate of a policy of territorial or economic expansion.
expansions:The action of becoming larger or more extensive.
expansive:Covering a wide area in terms of space or scope; extensive or wide-ranging.
expatriate:Settle oneself abroad.
expatriated:Send (a person or money) abroad.
expatriates:Send (a person or money) abroad.
expect:Regard (something) as likely to happen.
expectancies:The state of thinking or hoping that something, especially something good, will happen.
expectancy:The state of thinking or hoping that something, especially something pleasant, will happen or be the case.
expectant:A person who anticipates receiving something, especially high office.
expectantly:With an excited feeling that something is about to happen, especially something good.
expectation:A strong belief that something will happen or be the case in the future.
expectational:Of, relating to, or characterized by expectation or expectations.
expectations:A strong belief that something will happen or be the case.
expected:Regarded as likely; anticipated.
expecting:Regard (something) as likely to happen.
expectorate:Cough or spit out (phlegm) from the throat or lungs.
expectorated:Cough or spit out (phlegm) from the throat or lungs.
expects:Regard (something) as likely to happen.
expediency:The quality of being convenient and practical despite possibly being improper or immoral; convenience.
expedient:A means of attaining an end, especially one that is convenient but considered improper or immoral.
expedients:A means of attaining an end, especially one that is convenient but possibly improper or immoral.
expedite:Make (an action or process) happen sooner or be accomplished more quickly.
expedited:Make (an action or process) happen sooner or be accomplished more quickly.
expedites:Make (an action or process) happen sooner or be accomplished more quickly.
expediting:Make (an action or process) happen sooner or be accomplished more quickly.
expedition:A journey or voyage undertaken by a group of people with a particular purpose, especially that of exploration, scientific research, or war.
expeditionary:Of or forming an expedition, especially a military expedition.
expeditions:A journey undertaken by a group of people with a particular purpose, especially that of exploration, research, or war.
expeditious:Done with speed and efficiency.
expeditiously:With speed and efficiency.
expel:Deprive (someone) of membership of or involvement in a school or other organization.
expelled:Officially make (someone) leave a school or other organization.
expelling:Officially make (someone) leave a school or other organization.
expels:Officially make (someone) leave a school or other organization.
expend:Spend or use up (a resource such as money, time, or energy)
expendable:Of little significance when compared to an overall purpose, and therefore able to be abandoned.
expended:Spend or use up (a resource such as money or energy)
expending:Spend or use up (a resource such as money or energy)
expenditure:The action of spending funds.
expends:Spend or use up (a resource such as money or energy)
expense:Offset (an item of expenditure) as an expense against taxable income.
expenses:Offset (an item of expenditure) as an expense against taxable income.
expensive:Costing a lot of money.
expensively:In a way that costs a lot of money.
experience:Encounter or undergo (an event or occurrence)
experienced:Having knowledge or skill in a particular field, especially a profession or job, gained over a period of time.
experiences:Encounter or undergo (an event or occurrence)
experiencing:Encounter or undergo (an event or occurrence)
experiential:Involving or based on experience and observation.
experiment:A scientific procedure undertaken to make a discovery, test a hypothesis, or demonstrate a known fact.
experimental:(of a new invention or product) based on untested ideas or techniques and not yet established or finalized.
experimentally:By means of scientific experiment.
experimentation:The process of performing a scientific procedure, especially in a laboratory, to determine something.
experimented:Perform a scientific procedure, especially in a laboratory, to determine something.
experimenter:A person who performs a scientific procedure, especially in a laboratory, to determine something.
experimenters:A person who performs a scientific procedure, especially in a laboratory, to determine something.
experimenting:Perform a scientific procedure, especially in a laboratory, to determine something.
experiments:Perform a scientific procedure, especially in a laboratory, to determine something.
expert:A person who has a comprehensive and authoritative knowledge of or skill in a particular area.
expertise:Expert skill or knowledge in a particular field.
expertly:In a highly skillful or knowledgeable manner.
experts:A person who is very knowledgeable about or skilful in a particular area.
expiate:Atone for (guilt or sin)
expiation:The act of making amends or reparation for guilt or wrongdoing; atonement.
expiration:The ending of the fixed period for which a contract is valid.
expiratory:Relating to the exhalation of air from the lungs.
expire:(of a document, authorization, or agreement) cease to be valid, typically after a fixed period of time.
expired:(of a document, authorization, or agreement) come to the end of the period of validity.
expires:(of a document, authorization, or agreement) come to the end of the period of validity.
expiring:(of a document, authorization, or agreement) come to the end of the period of validity.
expiry:The end of the period for which something is valid.
explain:Make (an idea, situation, or problem) clear to someone by describing it in more detail or revealing relevant facts or ideas.
explained:Make (an idea or situation) clear to someone by describing it in more detail or revealing relevant facts.
explaining:Make (an idea or situation) clear to someone by describing it in more detail or revealing relevant facts.
explains:Make (an idea or situation) clear to someone by describing it in more detail or revealing relevant facts.
explanation:A statement or account that makes something clear.
explanations:A statement or account that makes something clear.
explanatory:Serving to explain something.
expletive:An oath or swear word.
expletives:An oath or swear word.
explicable:Able to be accounted for or understood.
explicate:Analyze and develop (an idea or principle) in detail.
explicated:Analyse and develop (an idea or principle) in detail.
explication:The process of analyzing and developing an idea or principle in detail.
explicit:The closing words of a text, manuscript, early printed book, or chanted liturgical text.
explicitly:In a clear and detailed manner, leaving no room for confusion or doubt.
explode:Burst or shatter violently and noisily as a result of rapid combustion, decomposition, excessive internal pressure, or other process, typically scattering fragments widely.
exploded:Having burst or shattered violently as a result of rapid combustion, excessive internal pressure, or other process.
explodes:Burst or shatter violently and noisily as a result of rapid combustion, excessive internal pressure, or other process.
exploding:Burst or shatter violently and noisily as a result of rapid combustion, excessive internal pressure, or other process.
exploit:Make full use of and derive benefit from (a resource)
exploitation:The action or fact of treating someone unfairly in order to benefit from their work.
exploitations:The action or fact of treating someone unfairly in order to benefit from their work.
exploitative:Making use of a situation or treating others unfairly in order to gain an advantage or benefit.
exploited:Make full use of and derive benefit from (a resource)
exploiting:Make full use of and derive benefit from (a resource)
exploits:Make full use of and derive benefit from (a resource)
explorable:That can be explored; that admits of or allows exploration.
exploration:The action of traveling in or through an unfamiliar area in order to learn about it.
explorations:The action of exploring an unfamiliar area.
exploratory:Relating to or involving exploration or investigation.
explore:Travel in or through (an unfamiliar country or area) in order to learn about or familiarize oneself with it.
explored:Travel through (an unfamiliar area) in order to learn about it.
explorer:A person who explores an unfamiliar area; an adventurer.
explorers:A person who explores a new or unfamiliar area.
explores:Travel through (an unfamiliar area) in order to learn about it.
exploring:Travel through (an unfamiliar area) in order to learn about it.
explosion:A violent and destructive shattering or blowing apart of something, as is caused by a bomb.
explosions:A violent shattering or blowing apart of something, as is caused by a bomb.
explosive:A substance which can be made to explode, especially any of those used in bombs or shells.
explosively:In the violent manner of an explosion.
explosives:A substance which can be made to explode, especially any of those used in bombs or shells.
expo:A large exhibition.
exponent:A person who believes in and promotes the truth or benefits of an idea or theory.
exponential:(of an increase) becoming more and more rapid.
exponentially:(with reference to an increase) more and more rapidly.
exponentiation:The operation of raising one quantity to the power of another.
exponents:A person who supports an idea or theory and tries to persuade people of its truth or benefits.
export:Send (goods or services) to another country for sale.
exported:Send (goods or services) to another country for sale.
exporter:A person, country, or company that sends goods or services to another country for sale.
exporters:A person, country, or company that sends goods or services to another country for sale.
exporting:Send (goods or services) to another country for sale.
exports:Send (goods or services) to another country for sale.
expose:Make (something) visible by uncovering it.
exposed:Not covered or hidden; visible.
exposes:Make (something) visible by uncovering it.
exposing:Make (something) visible by uncovering it.
exposition:A comprehensive description and explanation of an idea or theory.
expositions:A comprehensive description and explanation of an idea or theory.
expository:Intended to explain or describe something.
expostulate:Express strong disapproval or disagreement.
expostulated:Express strong disapproval or disagreement.
expostulating:Express strong disapproval or disagreement.
exposure:The state of being exposed to contact with something.
expound:Present and explain (a theory or idea) systematically and in detail.
expounded:Present and explain (a theory or idea) in detail.
expounding:Present and explain (a theory or idea) in detail.
expounds:Present and explain (a theory or idea) in detail.
express:Convey (a thought or feeling) in words or by gestures and conduct.
expressed:Convey (a thought or feeling) in words or by gestures and conduct.
expresses:Convey (a thought or feeling) in words or by gestures and conduct.
expressing:Convey (a thought or feeling) in words or by gestures and conduct.
expression:The process of making known one's thoughts or feelings.
expressionism:A style of painting, music, or drama in which the artist or writer seeks to express emotional experience rather than impressions of the external world.
expressionist:A painter, writer, or composer who is an exponent of expressionism, seeking to express through their work the inner world of emotion rather than external reality.
expressionists:A painter, writer, or composer who is an exponent of expressionism, seeking to express through their work the inner world of emotion rather than external reality.
expressionless:(of a person's face or voice) not conveying any emotion; unemotional.
expressions:The action of making known one's thoughts or feelings.
expressive:Effectively conveying thought or feeling.
expressiveness:The quality of effectively conveying a thought or feeling.
expressly:Explicitly; clearly.
expropriate:(especially of the state) take away (property) from its owner.
expropriated:(of the state or an authority) take (property) from its owner for public use or benefit.
expropriation:The action by the state or an authority of taking property from its owner for public use or benefit.
expropriations:The action by the state or an authority of taking property from its owner for public use or benefit.
expulsion:The action of depriving someone of membership in an organization.
expulsions:The action of forcing someone to leave an organization.
expunge:Erase or remove completely (something unwanted or unpleasant)
expunged:Obliterate or remove completely (something unwanted or unpleasant)
expunges:Obliterate or remove completely (something unwanted or unpleasant)
expunging:Obliterate or remove completely (something unwanted or unpleasant)
expurgate:Remove matter thought to be objectionable or unsuitable from (a text or account)
expurgated:(of a text or account) having had objectionable or unsuitable matter removed.
expurgating:Remove matter thought to be objectionable or unsuitable from (a text or account)
exquisite:A man who is affectedly concerned with his clothes and appearance; a dandy.
exquisitely:In an extremely beautiful and delicate manner.
extend:Cause to cover a larger area; make longer or wider.
extendable:Able to be made longer or larger.
extended:Made larger; enlarged.
extender:A person or thing that extends something.
extenders:A person or thing that extends something.
extendible:Able to be made longer or larger.
extending:(of a device) able to be lengthened or spread out.
extends:Cause to cover a wider area; make larger.
extensibility:The ability to be extended or stretched.
extensible:Able to be extended or stretched; extendable.
extension:A part that is added to something to enlarge or prolong it; a continuation.
extensions:A part that is added to something to enlarge or prolong it.
extensive:Covering or affecting a large area.
extensively:In a way that covers or affects a large area.
extensors:A muscle whose contraction extends or straightens a limb or other part of the body.
extent:The area covered by something.
extenuate:Cause (an offense) to seem less serious.
extenuated:Cause (an offence) to seem less serious.
extenuating:(of a factor or situation) serving to lessen the seriousness of an offense.
extenuation:The action of lessening the seriousness of guilt or an offense.
exterior:The outer surface or structure of something.
exteriors:The outer surface or structure of something.
exterminate:Destroy completely.
exterminated:Destroy completely.
exterminates:Destroy completely.
exterminating:Destroy completely.
extermination:Killing, especially of a whole group of people or animals.
exterminations:Killing, especially of a whole group of people or animals.
exterminator:A person whose job is to eradicate vermin or other pests from a building or area.
extern:Banish (someone considered politically undesirable) from a region or district.
external:The outward features of something.
externalised:Give external existence or form to.
externally:With reference to the outer surface or structure of something; outside.
externals:The outward features of something.
externs:Banish (someone considered politically undesirable) from a region or district.
extinct:(of a species, family, or other group of animals or plants) having no living members; no longer in existence.
extinction:The fact or process of a species, family, or other group of animals or plants becoming extinct.
extinctions:The fact or process of a species, family, or other group of animals or plants becoming extinct.
extinguish:Cause (a fire or light) to cease to burn or shine.
extinguished:Cause (a fire or light) to cease to burn or shine.
extinguishes:Cause (a fire or light) to cease to burn or shine.
extinguishing:Cause (a fire or light) to cease to burn or shine.
extinguishment:The quenching of a fire or light.
extirpate:Root out and destroy completely.
extol:Praise enthusiastically.
extolled:Praise enthusiastically.
extolling:Praise enthusiastically.
extols:Praise enthusiastically.
extort:Obtain (something) by force, threats, or other unfair means.
extorted:Obtain (something) by force, threats, or other unfair means.
extorting:Obtain (something) by force, threats, or other unfair means.
extortion:The practice of obtaining something, especially money, through force or threats.
extortionate:(of a price) much too high; exorbitant.
extortionists:A person who tries to obtain something through force or violence.
extorts:Obtain (something) by force, threats, or other unfair means.
extra:To a greater extent than usual; especially.
extracellular:Situated or taking place outside a cell or cells.
extract:Remove or take out, especially by effort or force.
extracted:Remove or take out, especially by effort or force.
extracting:Remove or take out, especially by effort or force.
extraction:The action of taking out something, especially using effort or force.
extractions:The action of extracting something, especially using effort or force.
extractive:Of or involving extraction, especially the extensive extraction of natural resources without provision for their renewal.
extractor:A machine or device used to extract something.
extracts:Remove or take out, especially by effort or force.
extraditable:(of a crime) making a criminal liable to extradition.
extradite:Hand over (a person accused or convicted of a crime) to the jurisdiction of the foreign state in which the crime was committed.
extradited:Hand over (a person accused or convicted of a crime) to the jurisdiction of the foreign state in which the crime was committed.
extraditing:Hand over (a person accused or convicted of a crime) to the jurisdiction of the foreign state in which the crime was committed.
extradition:The action of extraditing a person accused or convicted of a crime.
extragalactic:Situated, occurring, or originating outside the Milky Way galaxy.
extrajudicial:(of a sentence) not legally authorized.
extralinguistic:Not involving or beyond the bounds of language.
extramarital:(especially of sexual relations) occurring outside marriage.
extramural:Outside the walls or boundaries of a town, college, or institution.
extraneous:Irrelevant or unrelated to the subject being dealt with.
extraordinarily:In a very unusual or remarkable way.
extraordinary:An item in a company's accounts not arising from its normal activities.
extrapolate:Extend the application of (a method or conclusion, especially one based on statistics) to an unknown situation by assuming that existing trends will continue or similar methods will be applicable.
extrapolated:Extend the application of (a method or conclusion) to an unknown situation by assuming that existing trends will continue or similar methods will be applicable.
extrapolating:Extend the application of (a method or conclusion) to an unknown situation by assuming that existing trends will continue or similar methods will be applicable.
extrapolation:The action of estimating or concluding something by assuming that existing trends will continue or a current method will remain applicable.
extrapolations:The action of estimating or concluding something by assuming that existing trends will continue or a current method will remain applicable.
extras:To a greater extent than usual; especially.
extrasolar:Found in or taking place outside the solar system.
extraterrestrial:A hypothetical or fictional being from outer space, especially an intelligent one.
extraterrestrials:A hypothetical or fictional being from outer space.
extraterritorial:(of a law or decree) valid outside a country's territory.
extravagance:Lack of restraint in spending money or use of resources.
extravagant:Lacking restraint in spending money or using resources.
extravagantly:With a lack of restraint in spending money or using resources.
extravaganza:An elaborate and spectacular entertainment or production.
extravaganzas:An elaborate and spectacular entertainment or production.
extrema:The maximum or minimum value of a function.
extreme:Either of two abstract things that are as different from each other as possible.
extremely:To a very great degree; very.
extremes:Either of two abstract things that are as different from each other as possible.
extremism:The holding of extreme political or religious views; fanaticism.
extremist:A person who holds extreme or fanatical political or religious views, especially one who resorts to or advocates extreme action.
extremists:A person who holds extreme political or religious views, especially one who advocates illegal, violent, or other extreme action.
extremities:The furthest point or limit of something.
extremity:The furthest point or limit of something.
extricate:Free (someone or something) from a constraint or difficulty.
extricated:Free (someone or something) from a constraint or difficulty.
extricating:Free (someone or something) from a constraint or difficulty.
extrinsic:Not part of the essential nature of someone or something; coming or operating from outside.
extroversion:The quality of being outgoing and socially confident.
extrovert:An outgoing, overtly expressive person.
extroverts:An outgoing, socially confident person.
extrude:Thrust or force out.
extruded:Thrust or force out.
extrusion:The action of thrusting or forcing something out.
exuberance:The quality of being full of energy, excitement, and cheerfulness; ebullience.
exuberant:Filled with or characterized by a lively energy and excitement.
exudate:A mass of cells and fluid that has seeped out of blood vessels or an organ, especially in inflammation.
exude:Discharge (moisture or a smell) slowly and steadily.
exuded:(with reference to moisture or a smell) discharge or be discharged slowly and steadily.
exudes:(with reference to moisture or a smell) discharge or be discharged slowly and steadily.
exuding:(with reference to moisture or a smell) discharge or be discharged slowly and steadily.
exult:Feel or show triumphant elation or jubilation.
exultant:Triumphantly happy.
exultation:A feeling of triumphant elation or jubilation; rejoicing.
exulted:Feel or show triumphant elation or jubilation.
exulting:The feeling or expression of elation or jubilation.
exults:Feel or show triumphant elation or jubilation.
eye:Look at or watch closely or with interest.
eyeball:Look or stare at closely.
eyeballs:Look or stare at closely.
eyebrow:The strip of hair growing on the ridge above a person's eye socket.
eyebrows:The strip of hair growing on the ridge above a person's eye socket.
eyecatching:Immediately appealing or noticeable; striking.
eyed:Having eyes of the type or number specified.
eyeful:A long, steady look at something.
eyeglass:A single lens for correcting or assisting defective eyesight, especially a monocle.
eyeglasses:A single lens for correcting or assisting defective eyesight, especially a monocle.
eyeing:Look at closely or with interest.
eyelash:Each of the short curved hairs growing on the edges of the eyelids, serving to protect the eyes from dust particles.
eyelashes:Each of the short curved hairs growing on the edges of the eyelids, serving to protect the eyes from dust.
eyelet:Make eyelets in (fabric)
eyelets:Make eyelets in (fabric)
eyelid:Each of the upper and lower folds of skin which cover the eye when closed.
eyelids:Each of the upper and lower folds of skin which cover the eye when closed.
eyeliner:A cosmetic applied as a line around the eyes to make them appear larger or more noticeable.
eyepatch:A patch worn to protect an injured eye.
eyepiece:The lens or group of lenses that is closest to the eye in a microscope, telescope, or other optical instrument.
eyes:Look at closely or with interest.
eyeshadow:A colored cosmetic, typically in powder form, applied to the eyelids or to the skin around the eyes to accentuate them.
eyesight:A person's ability to see.
eyesore:A thing that is very ugly, especially a building that disfigures a landscape.
eyesores:A thing that is very ugly, especially a building.
eyetooth:A canine tooth, especially one in the upper jaw.
eyewash:Cleansing solution for a person's eye.
eyewitness:A person who has personally seen something happen and so can give a first-hand description of it.
eyewitnesses:A person who has seen something happen and can give a first-hand description of it.
fab:Fabulous; wonderful.
fable:A short story, typically with animals as characters, conveying a moral.
fabled:Well known for being of great quality or rarity; famous.
fables:Tell fictitious tales.
fabric:Cloth or other material produced by weaving or knitting fibers.
fabricate:Invent or concoct (something), typically with deceitful intent.
fabricated:Invent (something) in order to deceive.
fabricates:Invent (something) in order to deceive.
fabricating:Invent (something) in order to deceive.
fabrication:The action or process of manufacturing or inventing something.
fabrications:The action or process of manufacturing or inventing something.
fabrics:Cloth or other material produced by weaving or knitting fibres.
fabulists:A person who composes or relates fables.
fabulous:Extraordinary, especially extraordinarily large.
fabulously:Extremely well; wonderfully.
facade:The face of a building, especially the principal front that looks onto a street or open space.
facades:The principal front of a building, that faces on to a street or open space.
face:Be positioned with the face or front toward (someone or something)
faced:Having a face or expression of a specified kind.
faceless:(of a person) remote and impersonal; anonymous.
facelift:A cosmetic surgical operation to remove unwanted wrinkles by tightening the skin of the face.
faceplate:A plate protecting a piece of machinery, a light switch, or an electrical outlet.
facer:A blow to the face.
facers:A blow to the face.
faces:Be positioned with the face or front towards (someone or something)
facet:One side of something many-sided, especially of a cut gem.
faceted:Having many sides.
faceting:The action or process of cutting or forming facets.
facetious:Treating serious issues with deliberately inappropriate humor; flippant.
facets:One side of something many-sided, especially of a cut gem.
facia:A detachable covering for the front part of a mobile phone.
facial:A beauty treatment for the face.
facials:A beauty treatment for the face.
facile:(especially of a theory or argument) appearing neat and comprehensive only by ignoring the true complexities of an issue; superficial.
facilitate:Make (an action or process) easy or easier.
facilitated:Make (an action or process) easy or easier.
facilitates:Make (an action or process) easy or easier.
facilitating:Make (an action or process) easy or easier.
facilitation:The action of facilitating something.
facilitator:A person or thing that makes an action or process easy or easier.
facilitators:A person or thing that makes an action or process easy or easier.
facilities:A place, amenity, or piece of equipment provided for a particular purpose.
facility:A place, amenity, or piece of equipment provided for a particular purpose.
facing:A layer of material covering part of a garment and providing contrast, decoration, or strength.
facings:A piece of material sewn on the inside of a garment, especially at the neck and armholes, to strengthen it.
facsimile:Make a copy of.
facsimiles:Make a copy of.
fact:A thing that is known or proved to be true.
faction:A small organized dissenting group within a larger one, especially in politics.
factional:Relating or belonging to a faction.
factions:A small organized dissenting group within a larger one, especially in politics.
factious:Relating or inclined to a state of faction.
factitious:Artificially created or developed.
factor:another term for factorize
factored:another term for factorize
factorial:The product of an integer and all the integers below it; e.g. factorial four (4!) is equal to 24.The product of a series of factors in an arithmetic progression.
factorials:The product of an integer and all the integers below it; e.g. factorial four (4!) is equal to 24.The product of a series of factors in an arithmetical progression.
factoring:another term for factorize
factorise:(with reference to a number) resolve or be resolvable into factors.
factorised:(with reference to a number) resolve or be resolvable into factors.
factorises:(with reference to a number) resolve or be resolvable into factors.
factorising:(with reference to a number) resolve or be resolvable into factors.
factors:another term for factorize
factotum:An employee who does all kinds of work.
facts:A thing that is known or proved to be true.
factual:Concerned with what is actually the case rather than interpretations of or reactions to it.
factually:With regard to what is actually the case; in relation to fact.
faculties:An inherent mental or physical power.
faculty:An inherent mental or physical power.
fad:An intense and widely shared enthusiasm for something, especially one that is short-lived and without basis in the object's qualities; a craze.
fade:Gradually grow faint and disappear.
faded:Gradually grow faint and disappear.
fades:Gradually grow faint and disappear.
fading:Gradually grow faint and disappear.
fads:An intense and widely shared enthusiasm for something, especially one that is short-lived; a craze.
faecal:Relating to or resembling faeces.
faeces:Waste matter remaining after food has been digested, discharged from the bowels; excrement.
fag:A tiring or unwelcome task.
faggot:A gay man.
faggots:Bind in or make into faggots.
fagot:Bind in or make into faggots.
fags:Work hard, especially at a tedious task.
fail:Be unsuccessful in achieving one's goal.
failed:(of an undertaking or a relationship) not achieving its end or not lasting; unsuccessful.
failing:In default of; in the absence of.
failings:In the absence of; if not.
fails:Be unsuccessful in achieving one's goal.
failure:Lack of success.
faint:Lose consciousness for a short time because of a temporarily insufficient supply of oxygen to the brain.
fainted:Lose consciousness for a short time because of a temporarily insufficient supply of oxygen to the brain.
fainter:Lose consciousness for a short time because of a temporarily insufficient supply of oxygen to the brain.
faintest:Lose consciousness for a short time because of a temporarily insufficient supply of oxygen to the brain.
fainthearted:Lacking courage; timid.
fainting:Lose consciousness for a short time because of a temporarily insufficient supply of oxygen to the brain.
faintly:In a faint manner; indistinctly.
faints:Lose consciousness for a short time because of a temporarily insufficient supply of oxygen to the brain.
fair:A beautiful woman.
fairer:(of the weather) become fine.
fairest:(of the weather) become fine.
fairground:An outdoor area where a fair is held.
fairgrounds:An outdoor area where a fair is held.
fairies:A small imaginary being of human form that has magical powers, especially a female one.
fairing:An external metal or plastic structure added to increase streamlining and reduce drag, especially on a high-performance car, motorcycle, boat, or aircraft.
fairly:With justice.
fairness:Impartial and just treatment or behavior without favoritism or discrimination.
fairs:(of the weather) become fine.
fairway:The part of a golf course between a tee and the corresponding green, where the grass is kept short.
fairways:The part of a golf course between a tee and the corresponding green, where the grass is kept short.
fairy:A small imaginary being of human form that has magical powers, especially a female one.
faith:Complete trust or confidence in someone or something.
faithful:Those who are faithful to a particular religion or political party.
faithfully:In a loyal manner.
faithfulness:The quality of being faithful; fidelity.
faithless:Disloyal, especially to a spouse or partner; untrustworthy.
fake:Forge or counterfeit (something)
faked:Forge or counterfeit (something)
fakers:A person who forges or counterfeits something.
fakes:Forge or counterfeit (something)
faking:Forge or counterfeit (something)
falcon:A bird of prey with long pointed wings and a notched beak, typically catching prey by diving on it from above.
falconer:A person who keeps, trains, or hunts with falcons, hawks, or other birds of prey.
falconry:The sport of hunting with falcons or other birds of prey; the keeping and training of such birds.
falcons:A bird of prey with long pointed wings and a notched beak, typically catching prey by diving on it from above.
fall:Move downward, typically rapidly and freely without control, from a higher to a lower level.
fallacies:A mistaken belief, especially one based on unsound arguments.
fallacious:Based on a mistaken belief.
fallacy:A mistaken belief, especially one based on unsound argument.
fallen:past participle of fall
faller:A person who fells trees for a living.
fallers:A person or thing that falls, in particular a horse that falls during a race.
fallibility:The tendency to make mistakes or be wrong.
fallible:Capable of making mistakes or being erroneous.
falling:Moving from a higher to a lower level, typically rapidly and without control.
fallout:Radioactive particles that are carried into the atmosphere after a nuclear explosion or accident and gradually fall back as dust or in precipitation.
fallow:Leave (land) fallow.
falls:Move from a higher to a lower level, typically rapidly and without control.
false:Not according with truth or fact; incorrect.
falsehood:The state of being untrue.
falsely:Not in accordance with truth or fact; incorrectly.
falser:Not according with truth or fact; incorrect.
falsetto:A method of voice production used by male singers, especially tenors, to sing notes higher than their normal range.
falsification:The action of falsifying information or a theory.
falsifications:The action of falsifying information or a theory.
falsified:Alter (information, a document, or evidence) so as to mislead.
falsifier:A person who alters evidence or gives a false account.
falsifiers:A person who alters evidence or gives a false account.
falsifies:Alter (information, a document, or evidence) so as to mislead.
falsify:Alter (information or evidence) so as to mislead.
falsifying:Alter (information, a document, or evidence) so as to mislead.
falsities:The fact of being untrue, incorrect, or insincere.
falsity:The fact of being untrue, incorrect, or insincere.
falter:Start to lose strength or momentum.
faltered:Lose strength or momentum.
faltering:Losing strength or momentum.
falters:Lose strength or momentum.
fame:The state of being known or talked about by many people, especially on account of notable achievements.
famed:Known about by many people; renowned.
familial:Relating to or occurring in a family or its members.
familiar:A demon supposedly attending and obeying a witch, often said to assume the form of an animal.
familiarisation:The action or process of gaining knowledge or understanding of something.
familiarise:Give (someone) knowledge or understanding of something.
familiarised:Give (someone) knowledge or understanding of something.
familiarising:Give (someone) knowledge or understanding of something.
familiarity:Close acquaintance with or knowledge of something.
families:A group of one or more parents and their children living together as a unit.
family:A group of one or more parents and their children living together as a unit.
famine:Extreme scarcity of food.
famines:Extreme scarcity of food.
famish:Reduce (someone) to extreme hunger.
famished:Extremely hungry.
famous:Known about by many people.
famously:Excellently.
fan:Cool (especially a person or a part of the body) by waving something to create a current of air.
fanatic:A person filled with excessive and single-minded zeal, especially for an extreme religious or political cause.
fanatical:Filled with excessive and single-minded zeal.
fanaticism:The quality of being fanatical.
fanatics:A person filled with excessive and single-minded zeal, especially for an extreme religious or political cause.
fanciable:Sexually attractive.
fancied:Feel a desire or liking for.
fancier:A connoisseur or enthusiast of something, especially someone who has a special interest in or breeds a particular animal.
fanciers:A connoisseur or enthusiast of something, especially someone who has a special interest in or breeds a particular animal.
fancies:Feel a desire or liking for.
fanciest:Feel a desire or liking for.
fanciful:(of a person or their thoughts and ideas) overimaginative and unrealistic.
fancy:Feel a desire or liking for.
fancying:Feel a desire or liking for.
fandango:A lively Spanish dance for two people, typically accompanied by castanets or tambourine.
fanfare:A short ceremonial tune or flourish played on brass instruments, typically to introduce something or someone important.
fanfares:A short ceremonial tune or flourish played on brass instruments, typically to introduce something or someone important.
fang:A large sharp tooth, especially a canine tooth of a dog or wolf.
fangs:A large sharp tooth, especially a canine tooth of a dog or wolf.
fanlight:A small semicircular or rectangular window over a door or another window.
fanned:Cool (someone or something) by waving an object to create a current of air.
fanning:Cool (someone or something) by waving an object to create a current of air.
fanny:A person's buttocks.
fans:Cool (someone or something) by waving an object to create a current of air.
fantail:A fan-shaped tail or end.
fantails:A fan-shaped tail or end.
fantasia:A musical composition with a free form and often an improvisatory style.
fantastic:Extraordinarily good or attractive.
far:At, to, or by a great distance (used to indicate the extent to which one thing is distant from another)
farad:The SI unit of electrical capacitance, equal to the capacitance of a capacitor in which one coulomb of charge causes a potential difference of one volt.
faraday:A unit of electric charge equal to Faraday's constant.
faraway:Distant in space or time.
farce:A comic dramatic work using buffoonery and horseplay and typically including crude characterization and ludicrously improbable situations.
farces:A comic dramatic work using buffoonery and horseplay and typically including crude characterization and ludicrously improbable situations.
farcical:Relating to or resembling farce, especially because of absurd or ridiculous aspects.
fare:The money a passenger on public transportation has to pay.
fared:Perform in a specified way in a particular situation or over a particular period.
fares:Perform in a specified way in a particular situation or over a particular period.
farewell:An act of parting or of marking someone's departure.
farewells:Mark the departure or retirement of (someone) with a ceremony or party.
farfetched:Unlikely and unconvincing; implausible.
faring:Perform in a specified way in a particular situation or over a particular period.
farm:Make one's living by growing crops or keeping livestock.
farmed:(of a type of livestock or crop) bred or grown commercially, especially as opposed to living in the wild.
farmer:A person who owns or manages a farm.
farmers:A person who owns or manages a farm.
farmhouse:A house attached to a farm, especially the main house in which the farmer lives.
farmhouses:A house attached to a farm, especially the main house in which the farmer lives.
farming:The activity or business of growing crops and raising livestock.
farmland:Land used for farming.
farms:Make one's living by growing crops or keeping livestock.
farmstead:A farm and its buildings.
farmsteads:A farm and its buildings.
farmyard:A yard or enclosure attached to a farmhouse.
farmyards:A yard surrounded by farm buildings.
farrago:A confused mixture.
farrier:A craftsman who trims and shoes horses' hooves.
farriers:A smith who shoes horses.
farrow:(of a sow) give birth to (piglets)
farseeing:Having shrewd judgement and an ability to predict and plan for future eventualities.
farsighted:Unable to see things clearly, especially if they are relatively close to the eyes, owing to the focusing of rays of light by the eye at a point behind the retina; hyperopic.
farther:At, to, or by a great distance (used to indicate the extent to which one thing is distant from another)
farthest:At, to, or by a great distance (used to indicate the extent to which one thing is distant from another)
farthing:A former monetary unit and coin of the UK, withdrawn in 1961, equal to a quarter of an old penny.
farthings:A former monetary unit and coin of the UK, withdrawn in 1961, equal to a quarter of an old penny.
fascia:A detachable covering for the front part of a mobile phone.
fascias:A detachable covering for the front part of a mobile phone.
fascinate:Draw irresistibly the attention and interest of (someone)
fascinated:Strongly attracted and interested.
fascinates:Attract the strong attention and interest of (someone)
fascinating:Extremely interesting.
fascinatingly:In an extremely interesting way.
fascination:The power to fascinate someone; the quality of being fascinating.
fascinations:The power to fascinate someone; the quality of being fascinating.
fascism:An authoritarian and nationalistic right-wing system of government and social organization.
fascist:An advocate or follower of the political philosophy or system of fascism.
fashion:Make into a particular or the required form.
fashionable:Characteristic of, influenced by, or representing a current popular trend or style.
fashionably:In a manner characteristic of, influenced by, or representing a current popular style or trend.
fashioned:Make into a particular form.
fashioning:Make into a particular form.
fashions:Make into a particular form.
fast:At high speed.
fasted:At high speed.
fasten:Close or do up securely.
fastened:Close or do up securely.
fastener:A device that closes or secures something.
fasteners:A device that closes or secures something.
fastening:A device that closes or secures something.
fastenings:A device that closes or secures something.
fastens:Close or do up securely.
faster:At high speed.
fastest:At high speed.
fastidious:Very attentive to and concerned about accuracy and detail.
fasting:At high speed.
fastness:A secure refuge, especially a place well protected by natural features.
fastnesses:A secure place well protected by natural features.
fasts:At high speed.
fat:Make or become fat.
fatal:Causing death.
fatalism:The belief that all events are predetermined and therefore inevitable.
fatalistic:Relating to or characteristic of the belief that all events are predetermined and therefore inevitable.
fatalities:An occurrence of death by accident, in war, or from disease.
fatality:An occurrence of death by accident, in war, or from disease.
fatally:With death as a result.
fate:Be destined to happen, turn out, or act in a particular way.
fateful:Having far-reaching and often disastrous consequences or implications.
fates:Be destined to happen, turn out, or act in a particular way.
father:(of a man) cause a pregnancy resulting in the birth of (a child)
fathered:(of a man) cause a pregnancy resulting in the birth of (a child)
fatherhood:The state of being a father.
fathering:The activity of bringing up a child as a father.
fatherland:A person's native country, especially when referred to in patriotic terms.
fatherless:Having no father because he is dead or absent from the home.
fatherly:Relating to, resembling, or characteristic of a father, especially in being protective and affectionate.
fathers:(of a man) cause a pregnancy resulting in the birth of (a child)
fathom:Understand (a difficult problem or an enigmatic person) after much thought.
fathomed:Understand (a difficult problem or an enigmatic person) after much thought.
fathoming:Understand (a difficult problem or an enigmatic person) after much thought.
fathomless:Unable to be measured or understood; extremely deep.
fathoms:Understand (a difficult problem or an enigmatic person) after much thought.
fatigue:Cause (someone) to feel tired or exhausted.
fatigued:Cause (someone) to feel exhausted.
fatigues:Cause (someone) to feel exhausted.
fatiguing:Cause (someone) to feel exhausted.
fatness:The state or quality of having a large amount of excess flesh.
fats:Make or become fat.
fatted:(especially of an animal raised for food) made fat; fattened.
fatten:Make or become fat or fatter.
fattened:Make or become fat or fatter.
fattening:(of a food) causing an increase in the weight of someone who eats it.
fattens:Make or become fat or fatter.
fatter:Make or become fat.
fattest:Make or become fat.
fattier:A fat person (often used as a nickname or form of address)
fattiest:A fat person (often used as a nickname or form of address)
fatty:A fat person (often used as a nickname or form of address)
fatuous:Silly and pointless.
fatwa:A ruling on a point of Islamic law given by a recognized authority.
faucet:A device by which a flow of liquid or gas from a pipe or container can be controlled; a tap.
faucets:A tap.
fault:Criticize for inadequacy or mistakes.
faulted:Criticize for inadequacy or mistakes.
faulting:The production of a fault or faults in a rock formation.
faultless:Free from defect or error.
faults:Criticize for inadequacy or mistakes.
faulty:Working badly or unreliably because of imperfections.
faun:One of a class of lustful rural gods, represented as a man with a goat's horns, ears, legs, and tail.
fauna:The animals of a particular region, habitat, or geological period.
faunal:Relating to the animals of a particular region, habitat, or geological period.
faunas:The animals of a particular region, habitat, or geological period.
fauns:One of a class of lustful rural gods, represented as a man with a goat's horns, ears, legs, and tail.
faust:(died c.1540), German astronomer and necromancer. Reputed to have sold his soul to the Devil, he became the subject of dramas by Marlowe and Goethe, an opera by Gounod, and a novel by Thomas Mann.
favour:Feel or show approval or preference for.
favourable:Expressing approval.
favourably:With approval.
favoured:Preferred or recommended.
favouring:Feel or show approval or preference for.
favourite:Record the address of (a website or other data) to enable quick access in future.
favourites:Record the address of (a website or other data) to enable quick access in future.
favouritism:The practice of giving unfair preferential treatment to one person or group at the expense of another.
favours:Feel or show approval or preference for.
fawn:A young deer in its first year.
fawned:(of a deer) produce young.
fawning:Displaying exaggerated flattery or affection; obsequious.
fawns:(of a deer) produce young.
fax:Send (a document) by fax.
faxed:Send (a document) by fax.
faxes:Send (a document) by fax.
faxing:Send (a document) by fax.
fealty:A feudal tenant's or vassal's sworn loyalty to a lord.
fear:Be afraid of (someone or something) as likely to be dangerous, painful, or threatening.
feared:Be afraid of (someone or something) as likely to be dangerous, painful, or harmful.
fearful:Feeling afraid; showing fear or anxiety.
fearfully:In an anxious manner; apprehensively.
fearing:Be afraid of (someone or something) as likely to be dangerous, painful, or harmful.
fearless:Lacking fear.
fearlessly:With a lack of fear.
fearlessness:Lack of fear.
fears:Be afraid of (someone or something) as likely to be dangerous, painful, or harmful.
fearsome:Frightening, especially in appearance.
feasibility:The state or degree of being easily or conveniently done.
feasible:Possible to do easily or conveniently.
feasibly:In a way that possible or practical to do or achieve.
feast:A large meal, typically one in celebration of something.
feasted:Eat and drink sumptuously.
feasting:Eat and drink sumptuously.
feasts:Eat and drink sumptuously.
feat:An achievement that requires great courage, skill, or strength.
feather:Rotate the blades of (a propeller) about their own axes in such a way as to lessen the air or water resistance.
feathered:(of a bird) covered with feathers.
feathering:The plumage of a bird or part of a bird.
featherlight:Extremely light.
feathers:Rotate the blades of (a propeller) about their own axes in such a way as to lessen the air or water resistance.
featherweight:A weight in boxing and other sports intermediate between bantamweight and lightweight. It ranges from 118 to 126 pounds (54 to 57 kg).
feathery:Having, covered with, or resembling feathers.
feats:An achievement that requires great courage, skill, or strength.
feature:Have as a prominent attribute or aspect.
featured:Having distinctive attributes or aspects of a specified kind.
featureless:Lacking distinctive attributes or aspects.
features:Have as a prominent attribute or aspect.
featuring:Have as a prominent attribute or aspect.
febrile:Having or showing the symptoms of a fever.
february:The second month of the year, in the northern hemisphere usually considered the last month of winter.
feckless:Lacking initiative or strength of character; irresponsible.
fecund:Producing or capable of producing an abundance of offspring or new growth; fertile.
fecundity:The ability to produce an abundance of offspring or new growth; fertility.
fed:A federal agent or official, especially a member of the FBI.
federal:Having or relating to a system of government in which several states form a unity but remain independent in internal affairs.
federalism:The federal principle or system of government.
federalist:A person who advocates or supports a system of government in which several states unite under a central authority.
federalists:A person who advocates or supports a system of government in which several states unite under a central authority.
federally:By means of the central government as distinguished from the separate units constituting a federation.
federate:(with reference to a number of states or organizations) form or be formed into a single centralized unit, within which each state or organization keeps some internal autonomy.
federated:(of a country or organization) set up as a single centralized unit within which each state or division keeps some internal autonomy.
federation:A group of states with a central government but independence in internal affairs.
federations:A group of states with a central government but independence in internal affairs.
fedora:A low, soft felt hat with a curled brim and the crown creased lengthwise.
feds:Give food to.
fee:Make a payment to (someone) in return for services.
feeble:Lacking physical strength, especially as a result of age or illness.
feebleminded:(of a person) unable to make intelligent decisions or judgments.
feebler:Lacking physical strength, especially as a result of age or illness.
feeblest:Lacking physical strength, especially as a result of age or illness.
feebly:In a way that lacks strength or force.
feed:Give food to.
feedback:Information about reactions to a product, a person's performance of a task, etc. which is used as a basis for improvement.
feeder:A person or animal that eats a particular food or in a particular manner.
feeders:A person or animal that eats a particular food or in a particular manner.
feeding:Give food to.
feeds:Give food to.
feedstock:Raw material to supply or fuel a machine or industrial process.
feedstuffs:A food provided for cattle and other livestock.
feel:Be aware of (a person or object) through touching or being touched.
feeler:An animal organ such as an antenna or palp that is used for testing things by touch or for searching for food.
feelers:An animal organ such as an antenna or palp that is used for testing things by touch or for searching for food.
feeling:An emotional state or reaction.
feelingly:(of the expression of an emotion or opinion) in a heartfelt way.
feelings:An emotional state or reaction.
feels:Be aware of (a person or object) through touching or being touched.
fees:Make a payment to (someone) in return for services.
feet:Cover a distance, especially a long one, on foot.
feign:Pretend to be affected by (a feeling, state, or injury)
feigned:Simulated or pretended; insincere.
feigning:Pretend to be affected by (a feeling, state, or injury)
feigns:Pretend to be affected by (a feeling, state, or injury)
feint:A deceptive or pretended blow, thrust, or other movement, especially in boxing or fencing.
feinted:Make a deceptive or distracting movement, especially during a fight.
feinting:Make a deceptive or distracting movement, especially during a fight.
feints:Make a deceptive or distracting movement, especially during a fight.
feldspar:An abundant rock-forming mineral typically occurring as colorless or pale-colored crystals and consisting of aluminosilicates of potassium, sodium, and calcium.
feldspars:An abundant rock-forming mineral typically occurring as colourless or pale-coloured crystals and consisting of aluminosilicates of potassium, sodium, and calcium.
felicitations:Words expressing praise for an achievement or good wishes on a special occasion.
felicitous:Well chosen or suited to the circumstances.
felicity:Intense happiness.
feline:A cat or other member of the cat family.
felines:A cat or other member of the cat family.
fell:past of fall
fellatio:Oral stimulation of a man's penis.
felled:past of fall
felling:past of fall
fellow:A man or boy.
fellows:A man or boy.
fellowship:Friendly association, especially with people who share one's interests.
fells:past of fall
felon:A person who has been convicted of a felony.
felonious:Relating to or involved in crime.
felons:A person who has committed a felony.
felony:A crime, typically one involving violence, regarded as more serious than a misdemeanor, and usually punishable by imprisonment for more than one year or by death.
felt:Make into felt; mat together.
female:A female animal or plant.
females:A female animal or plant.
feminine:The female sex or gender.
femininity:Qualities or attributes regarded as characteristic of women.
feminism:The advocacy of women's rights on the basis of the equality of the sexes.
feminist:A person who supports feminism.
feminists:A person who supports feminism.
femur:The bone of the thigh or upper hind limb, articulating at the hip and the knee.
femurs:The bone of the thigh or upper hindlimb, articulating at the hip and the knee.
fen:A low and marshy or frequently flooded area of land.
fence:Surround or protect with a fence.
fenced:Surround or protect with a fence.
fences:Surround or protect with a fence.
fencing:The sport of fighting with swords, especially foils, épées, or sabers, according to a set of rules, in order to score points against an opponent.
fend:Look after and provide for oneself, without any help from others.
fended:Look after and provide for oneself, without any help from others.
fender:The mudguard or area around the wheel well of a vehicle.
fenders:A low frame bordering a fireplace to prevent burning coals from falling out.
fending:Look after and provide for oneself, without any help from others.
fends:Look after and provide for oneself, without any help from others.
fenland:Land consisting of fens.
fennel:An aromatic yellow-flowered European plant of the parsley family, with feathery leaves.
fens:A low and marshy or frequently flooded area of land.
feral:(especially of an animal) in a wild state, especially after escape from captivity or domestication.
ferment:(of a substance) undergo fermentation.
fermentation:The chemical breakdown of a substance by bacteria, yeasts, or other microorganisms, typically involving effervescence and the giving off of heat.
fermented:(of a substance) undergo fermentation.
fermenting:(of a substance) undergo fermentation.
ferments:(of a substance) undergo fermentation.
fermion:A subatomic particle, such as a nucleon, which has half-integral spin and follows the statistical description given by Fermi and Dirac.
fermions:A subatomic particle, such as a nucleon, which has half-integral spin and follows the statistical description given by Fermi and Dirac.
fern:A flowerless plant which has feathery or leafy fronds and reproduces by spores released from the undersides of the fronds. Ferns have a vascular system for the transport of water and nutrients.
ferns:A flowerless plant which has feathery or leafy fronds and reproduces by spores released from the undersides of the fronds. Ferns have a vascular system for the transport of water and nutrients.
ferocious:Savagely fierce, cruel, or violent.
ferociously:In a savagely fierce, cruel, or violent manner.
ferocity:The state or quality of being ferocious.
ferret:(of a person) hunt with ferrets, typically for rabbits.
ferreted:(of a person) hunt with ferrets, typically for rabbits.
ferreting:The activity of hunting with ferrets, typically for rabbits.
ferrets:(of a person) hunt with ferrets, typically for rabbits.
ferric:Relating to iron.
ferried:Convey in a ferry or other ship or boat, especially across a short stretch of water.
ferries:Convey in a ferry or other ship or boat, especially across a short stretch of water.
ferrite:A ceramic compound consisting of a mixed oxide of iron and one or more other metals. Ferrite has ferrimagnetic properties and is used in high-frequency electrical components such as antennas.
ferromagnetic:(of a body or substance) having a high susceptibility to magnetization, the strength of which depends on that of the applied magnetizing field, and which may persist after removal of the applied field. This is the kind of magnetism displayed by iron, and is associated with parallel magnetic alignment of neighboring atoms.
ferrous:(chiefly of metals) containing or consisting of iron.
ferrule:A ring or cap, typically a metal one, which strengthens the end of a handle, stick, or tube and prevents it from splitting or wearing.
ferry:Convey in a ferry or other ship or boat, especially across a short stretch of water.
ferrying:Convey in a ferry or other ship or boat, especially across a short stretch of water.
fertile:(of soil or land) producing or capable of producing abundant vegetation or crops.
fertilisation:The action or process of fertilizing an egg or a female animal or plant, involving the fusion of male and female gametes to form a zygote.
fertilise:Cause (an egg, female animal, or plant) to develop a new individual by introducing male reproductive material.
fertilised:Cause (an egg, female animal, or plant) to develop a new individual by introducing male reproductive material.
fertiliser:A chemical or natural substance added to soil or land to increase its fertility.
fertilisers:A chemical or natural substance added to soil or land to increase its fertility.
fertilises:Cause (an egg, female animal, or plant) to develop a new individual by introducing male reproductive material.
fertilising:Cause (an egg, female animal, or plant) to develop a new individual by introducing male reproductive material.
fertility:The quality of being fertile; productiveness.
fervent:Having or displaying a passionate intensity.
fervently:Very enthusiastically or passionately.
fervid:Intensely enthusiastic or passionate, especially to an excessive degree.
fervour:Intense and passionate feeling.
fescue:Any of a number of narrow-leaved grasses.
fest:A festival or gathering devoted to a particular activity or interest.
festal:Of, like, or relating to a celebration or festival.
fester:(of a wound or sore) become septic; suppurate.
festered:(of a wound or sore) become septic; suppurate.
festering:(of a wound or sore) forming pus; septic.
festers:(of a wound or sore) become septic; suppurate.
festival:A day or period of celebration, typically a religious commemoration.
festivals:A day or period of celebration, typically for religious reasons.
festive:Relating to a festival.
festivity:The celebration of something in a joyful and exuberant way.
festoon:Adorn (a place) with ribbons, garlands, or other decorations.
festooned:Adorn (a place) with chains, garlands, or other decorations.
festooning:Adorn (a place) with chains, garlands, or other decorations.
festoons:Adorn (a place) with chains, garlands, or other decorations.
fetal:Relating to a fetus.
fetch:Go for and then bring back (someone or something) for someone.
fetched:Go for and then bring back (someone or something) for someone.
fetches:Go for and then bring back (someone or something) for someone.
fetching:Attractive.
fete:Honor or entertain (someone) lavishly.
feted:Honour or entertain (someone) lavishly.
fetes:Honour or entertain (someone) lavishly.
fetid:Smelling extremely unpleasant.
fetish:A form of sexual desire in which gratification is linked to an abnormal degree to a particular object, item of clothing, part of the body, etc.
fetishes:A form of sexual desire in which gratification is linked to an abnormal degree to a particular object, item of clothing, part of the body, etc.
fetishism:A form of sexual behavior in which gratification is linked to an abnormal degree to a particular object, activity, part of the body, etc.
fetishist:A person whose sexual desire or gratification is linked to an abnormal degree to a particular object, activity, part of the body, etc.
fetishistic:Relating to sexual fetishism.
fetishists:A person whose sexual desire or gratification is linked to an abnormal degree to a particular object, activity, part of the body, etc.
fetlock:The joint of a horse's or other quadruped's leg between the cannon bone and the pastern.
fetlocks:The joint of a horse's or other quadruped's leg between the cannon bone and the pastern.
fetter:Restrain with chains or manacles, typically around the ankles.
fettered:Restrained with chains or manacles, typically around the ankles.
fetters:Restrain with chains or manacles, typically around the ankles.
fettle:Trim or clean the rough edges of (a metal casting or a piece of pottery) before firing.
fetus:An unborn offspring of a mammal, in particular an unborn human baby more than eight weeks after conception.
feud:A prolonged and bitter quarrel or dispute.
feudal:According to, resembling, or denoting the system of feudalism.
feudalism:The dominant social system in medieval Europe, in which the nobility held lands from the Crown in exchange for military service, and vassals were in turn tenants of the nobles, while the peasants (villeins or serfs) were obliged to live on their lord's land and give him homage, labor, and a share of the produce, notionally in exchange for military protection.
feuded:Be engaged in a prolonged and bitter quarrel or dispute.
feuding:Be engaged in a prolonged and bitter quarrel or dispute.
feudist:A person taking part in a feud.
feuds:Be engaged in a prolonged and bitter quarrel or dispute.
fever:Bring about a high body temperature or a state of nervous excitement in (someone)
fevered:Having or showing the symptoms associated with a dangerously high temperature.
feverish:Characterized by or displaying a frenetic excitement or energy.
feverishly:In a manner that shows the symptoms of a fever.
fevers:Bring about a high body temperature or a state of nervous excitement in.
few:A small number of.
fewer:A small number of.
fewest:A small number of.
fewness:The quality or fact of being few in number; small number; scantiness in number.
fez:A flat-topped conical red hat with a black tassel on top, worn by men in some Muslim countries (formerly the Turkish national headdress).
fiance:A man to whom someone is engaged to be married.
fiasco:A thing that is a complete failure, especially in a ludicrous or humiliating way.
fiat:A formal authorization or proposition; a decree.
fib:A lie, typically an unimportant one.
fibbed:Tell a fib.
fibbing:Tell a fib.
fibers:A thread or filament from which a vegetable tissue, mineral substance, or textile is formed.
fibre:A thread or filament from which a vegetable tissue, mineral substance, or textile is formed.
fibreboard:A building material made of wood or other plant fibres compressed into boards.
fibreglass:A reinforced plastic material composed of glass fibres embedded in a resin matrix.
fibres:A thread or filament from which a vegetable tissue, mineral substance, or textile is formed.
fibrillating:(of a muscle, especially in the heart) make a quivering movement due to uncoordinated contraction of the individual fibrils.
fibroblast:A cell in connective tissue which produces collagen and other fibers.
fibroblasts:A cell in connective tissue which produces collagen and other fibres.
fibrosis:The thickening and scarring of connective tissue, usually as a result of injury.
fibrous:Consisting of or characterized by fibers.
fibs:Tell a fib.
fibula:The outer and usually smaller of the two bones between the knee and the ankle in humans (or the equivalent joints in other terrestrial vertebrates), parallel with the tibia.
fickle:Changing frequently, especially as regards one's loyalties, interests, or affection.
fickleness:Changeability, especially as regards one's loyalties or affections.
fiction:Literature in the form of prose that describes imaginary events and people.
fictional:Relating to fiction; invented for the purposes of fiction.
fictions:Literature in the form of prose that describes imaginary events and people.
fictitious:Not real or true, being imaginary or having been fabricated.
fictive:Creating or created by imagination.
ficus:A tree, shrub, or climbing plant of a large genus that includes the figs and the rubber plant. They grow in tropical and warm climates, and several species are of commercial importance.
fiddle:Play the fiddle.
fiddled:Touch or fidget with something in a restless or nervous way.
fiddler:A person who plays the violin, especially one who plays folk music.
fiddlers:A person who plays the violin, especially one who plays folk music.
fiddles:Touch or fidget with something in a restless or nervous way.
fiddlesticks:A violin bow.
fiddling:Annoyingly trivial or petty.
fiddly:Complicated or detailed and awkward to do or use.
fidelity:Faithfulness to a person, cause, or belief, demonstrated by continuing loyalty and support.
fidget:Make small movements, especially of the hands and feet, through nervousness or impatience.
fidgeted:Make small movements, especially of the hands and feet, through nervousness or impatience.
fidgeting:Make small movements, especially of the hands and feet, through nervousness or impatience.
fidgets:Make small movements, especially of the hands and feet, through nervousness or impatience.
fidgety:Inclined to fidget; restless or uneasy.
fiduciary:A trustee.
fief:An estate of land, especially one held on condition of feudal service.
fiefdom:A fief.
fiefdoms:A fief.
fiefs:An estate of land, especially one held on condition of feudal service; a fee.
field:Play as a fielder.
fielded:Attempt to catch or stop the ball and return it after it has been hit by the batsman or batter, thereby preventing runs being scored or base runners advancing.
fielder:A player who occupies a defensive position in the field while the other side is batting (typically one other than the pitcher or catcher, or bowler).
fielders:A player who occupies a defensive position while the other side is batting, especially one other than the bowler or pitcher.
fielding:Attempt to catch or stop the ball and return it after it has been hit by the batsman or batter, thereby preventing runs being scored or base runners advancing.
fields:Attempt to catch or stop the ball and return it after it has been hit by the batsman or batter, thereby preventing runs being scored or base runners advancing.
fieldwork:Practical work conducted by a researcher in the natural environment, rather than in a laboratory or office.
fiend:An evil spirit or demon.
fiendish:Extremely cruel or unpleasant; devilish.
fiends:An evil spirit or demon.
fierce:Having or displaying an intense or ferocious aggressiveness.
fiercely:In a savagely violent or aggressive manner.
fiercer:Very; extremely.
fiercest:Very; extremely.
fierier:Consisting of fire or burning strongly and brightly.
fieriest:Consisting of fire or burning strongly and brightly.
fiery:Consisting of fire or burning strongly and brightly.
fiesta:(in Spanish-speaking regions) a religious festival.
fiestas:(in Spanish-speaking countries) a religious festival.
fife:A kind of small shrill flute used with the drum in military bands.
fifes:Play the fife.
fifteen:Equivalent to the product of three and five; one more than fourteen, or five more than ten; 15.Fifteen years old.The first point won by a player in a game.
fifteenth:Constituting number fifteen in a sequence; 15th.
fifth:Constituting number five in a sequence; 5th.
fifties:The number equivalent to the product of five and ten; half of one hundred; 50.The numbers from 50 to 59, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Fifty years old.Fifty miles an hour.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by fifty.A fifty-pound note or fifty-dollar bill.
fiftieth:Constituting number fifty in a sequence; 50th.
fifty:The number equivalent to the product of five and ten; half of one hundred; 50.The numbers from 50 to 59, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Fifty years old.Fifty miles an hour.A fifty-dollar bill.
fig:A soft pear-shaped fruit with sweet dark flesh and many small seeds, eaten fresh or dried.
fight:Take part in a violent struggle involving the exchange of physical blows or the use of weapons.
fightback:A great effort to gain a position of strength made by a person or group who seem likely to lose a contest.
fighter:A person or animal that fights, especially as a soldier or a boxer.
fighters:A person or animal that fights.
fighting:The action of fighting; violence or conflict.
fights:Take part in a violent struggle involving the exchange of physical blows or the use of weapons.
figment:A thing that someone believes to be real but that exists only in their imagination.
figments:A thing that someone believes to be real but that exists only in their imagination.
figs:A soft pear-shaped fruit with sweet dark flesh and many small seeds, eaten fresh or dried.
figtree:A soft pear-shaped fruit with sweet dark flesh and many small seeds, eaten fresh or dried.
figuration:Ornamentation by means of figures or designs.
figurative:Departing from a literal use of words; metaphorical.
figuratively:Used to indicate a departure from a literal use of words; metaphorically.
figure:A number, especially one which forms part of official statistics or relates to the financial performance of a company.
figured:Have a significant part or role in a situation or process.
figurehead:A carving, typically a bust or a full-length figure, set at the prow of an old-fashioned sailing ship.
figureheads:A carving, typically a bust or a full-length figure, set at the prow of an old-fashioned sailing ship.
figures:Have a significant part or role in a situation or process.
figurine:A statuette, especially one of a human form.
figurines:A statuette, especially one of a human form.
figuring:Have a significant part or role in a situation or process.
fiji:A republic in the South Pacific consisting of a group of more than 800 islands, of which about a hundred are inhabited; population 892,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Suva; languages, English (official), Fijian, and Hindi.
fijians:A native or inhabitant of Fiji, or a person of Fijian descent.
filament:A slender threadlike object or fiber, especially one found in animal or plant structures.
filaments:A slender threadlike object or fibre, especially one found in animal or plant structures.
filch:Pilfer or steal (something, especially a thing of small value) in a casual way.
filched:Pilfer or steal (something, especially an item of small value) in a casual way.
file:Place (a document) in a cabinet, box, or folder in a particular order for preservation and easy reference.
filed:Place (a document) in a cabinet, box, or folder in a particular order.
files:Place (a document) in a cabinet, box, or folder in a particular order.
filet:French spelling of fillet, used especially in the names of French or French-sounding dishes
filial:Of or due from a son or daughter.
filibuster:An action such as a prolonged speech that obstructs progress in a legislative assembly while not technically contravening the required procedures.
filigree:Ornamental work of fine (typically gold or silver) wire formed into delicate tracery.
filing:A small particle rubbed off by a file when smoothing or shaping something.
filings:A small particle rubbed off by a file when smoothing or shaping something.
fill:Cause (a space or container) to become full or almost full.
filled:Cause (a space or container) to become full or almost full.
filler:A thing put in a space or container to fill it.
fillers:A thing put in a space or container to fill it.
fillet:Remove the bones from (a fish).
fillets:Remove the bones from (a fish).
fillies:A young female horse, especially one less than four years old.
filling:A quantity of material that fills or is used to fill something.
fillings:A quantity of soft material that fills or is used to fill something.
fillip:Propel (a small object) with a flick of the finger.
fills:Cause (a space or container) to become full or almost full.
filly:A young female horse, especially one less than four years old.
film:Capture on film as part of a series of moving images; make a movie of (a story or event)
filmed:Capture on film as part of a series of moving images; make a film of (a story, event, or book)
filmic:Relating to movies or cinematography.
filming:Capture on film as part of a series of moving images; make a film of (a story, event, or book)
filmmakers:A person who directs or produces films for the cinema or television.
films:Capture on film as part of a series of moving images; make a film of (a story, event, or book)
filmset:Set (material to be printed) by projecting it onto photographic film from which the printing surface is prepared.
filmy:(especially of fabric) thin and translucent.
filter:Pass (a liquid, gas, light, or sound) through a device to remove unwanted material.
filtered:Pass (a liquid, gas, light, or sound) through a device to remove unwanted material.
filtering:Pass (a liquid, gas, light, or sound) through a device to remove unwanted material.
filters:Pass (a liquid, gas, light, or sound) through a device to remove unwanted material.
filth:Disgusting dirt.
filthier:To an extreme extent.
filthiest:To an extreme extent.
filthy:To an extreme and often disgusting extent.
filtrate:Filter.
filtration:The action or process of filtering something.
fin:Swim underwater by means of flippers.
final:The last game in a sports tournament or other competition, which decides the winner of the tournament.
finale:The last part of a piece of music, a performance, or a public event, especially when particularly dramatic or exciting.
finales:The last part of a piece of music, an entertainment, or a public event, especially when particularly dramatic or exciting.
finalisation:The completion or approval of a finished and definitive version of something.
finalise:Complete or agree on a finished and definitive version of.
finalised:Complete or agree on a finished and definitive version of.
finalising:Complete or agree on a finished and definitive version of.
finalist:A competitor or team that has reached the final or finals of a competition.
finalists:A competitor or team that has reached the final or finals of a competition.
finality:The fact or impression of being an irreversible ending.
finally:After a long time, typically involving difficulty or delay.
finals:The last game in a sports tournament or other competition, which will decide the winner of the tournament.
finance:Provide funding for (a person or enterprise)
financed:Provide funding for (a person or enterprise)
finances:Provide funding for (a person or enterprise)
financial:The finances or financial situation of an organization or individual.
financially:In a way that relates to finance.
financier:A person concerned with the management of large amounts of money on behalf of governments or other large organizations.
financiers:A person concerned in the management of large amounts of money on behalf of governments or other large organizations.
financing:Provide funding for (a person or enterprise)
finch:A seed-eating songbird that typically has a stout bill and colorful plumage.
finches:A seed-eating songbird that typically has a stout bill and colourful plumage.
find:Discover or perceive by chance or unexpectedly.
finder:A person who finds someone or something.
finders:A person that finds someone or something.
finding:The action of finding someone or something.
findings:The action of finding someone or something.
finds:Discover or perceive by chance or unexpectedly.
fine:Clarify (beer or wine) by causing the precipitation of sediment during production.
fined:Clarify (beer or wine) by causing the precipitation of sediment during production.
finely:In a very skilled manner; excellently.
finer:Clarify (beer or wine) by causing the precipitation of sediment during production.
finery:Expensive or ostentatious clothes or decoration.
fines:Clarify (beer or wine) by causing the precipitation of sediment during production.
finesse:Do (something) in a subtle and delicate manner.
finest:Clarify (beer or wine) by causing the precipitation of sediment during production.
finetune:Make small adjustments to (something) in order to achieve the best or a desired performance.
finetuned:Make small adjustments to (something) in order to achieve the best or a desired performance.
finetunes:Make small adjustments to (something) in order to achieve the best or a desired performance.
finetuning:Make small adjustments to (something) in order to achieve the best or a desired performance.
finger:Touch or feel (something) with the fingers.
fingerboard:A flat or roughly flat strip on the neck of a stringed instrument, against which the strings are pressed to shorten the vibrating length and produce notes of higher pitches.
fingered:Having or using a finger or fingers of a specified kind.
fingering:A manner or technique of using the fingers, especially to play a musical instrument.
fingermarks:A mark left on a surface by a dirty or greasy finger.
fingernail:The flattish horny part on the upper surface of the tip of each finger.
fingernails:The flattish horny part on the upper surface of the tip of each finger.
fingerprint:Record the fingerprints of (someone)
fingerprinted:Record the fingerprints of.
fingerprinting:Record the fingerprints of.
fingerprints:Record the fingerprints of.
fingers:Touch or feel with the fingers.
fingertip:The tip of a finger.
fingertips:The tip of a finger.
finial:A distinctive ornament at the apex of a roof, pinnacle, canopy, or similar structure in a building.
finicky:Fussy about one's needs or requirements.
fining:A substance used for clarifying liquid, especially beer or wine.
finis:The end (printed at the end of a book or shown at the end of a film).
finish:Bring (a task or activity) to an end; complete.
finished:(of an action, activity, or piece of work) having been completed or ended.
finisher:A person or thing that finishes something.
finishers:A person or thing that finishes something.
finishes:Bring (a task or activity) to an end; complete.
finishing:Bring (a task or activity) to an end; complete.
finite:Having limits or bounds.
finland:A country on the Baltic Sea, between Sweden and Russia; population 5,500,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Helsinki; official languages, Finnish and Swedish.
finn:A native or inhabitant of Finland or a person of Finnish descent.
finnish:The Finno-Ugric language of the Finns, spoken in Finland and in parts of Russia and Sweden.
fins:Swim under water by means of flippers.
fiord:A long, narrow, deep inlet of the sea between high cliffs, as in Norway, typically formed by submergence of a glaciated valley.
fiords:A long, narrow, deep inlet of the sea between high cliffs, as in Norway, typically formed by submergence of a glaciated valley.
fir:An evergreen coniferous tree with upright cones and flat needle-shaped leaves, typically arranged in two rows. Firs are an important source of timber and resins.
fire:Discharge a gun or other weapon in order to explosively propel (a bullet or projectile)
firearm:A rifle, pistol, or other portable gun.
firearms:A rifle, pistol, or other portable gun.
fireball:A ball of flame or fire.
fireballs:A ball of flame or fire.
firebomb:Attack or destroy (something) with a bomb which causes a fire.
firebombed:Attack or destroy with a firebomb.
firebombing:Attack or destroy with a firebomb.
firebombs:Attack or destroy with a firebomb.
firebox:The chamber of a boiler in which the fuel is burned.
firebrand:A person who is passionate about a particular cause, typically inciting change and taking radical action.
fired:Discharge a gun or other weapon in order to propel (a bullet or projectile)
firefight:A battle using guns rather than bombs or other weapons.
firefighter:A person whose job is to extinguish fires.
firefighters:A person whose job is to extinguish fires.
firefighting:The action or process of extinguishing fires, as a person's job.
fireflies:A soft-bodied beetle related to the glow-worm, the winged male and flightless female of which both have luminescent organs. The light is chiefly produced in flashes and typically functions as a signal between the sexes.
firefly:A soft-bodied beetle related to the glowworm, the winged male and flightless female of which both have luminescent organs. The light is chiefly produced as a signal between the sexes, especially in flashes.
fireguard:A protective screen or grid placed in front of an open fire.
firelight:Light from a fire in a fireplace.
firelighters:A piece of flammable material used to help start a fire.
fireman:A firefighter.
firemen:A male firefighter.
fireplace:A place for a domestic fire, especially a grate or hearth at the base of a chimney.
fireplaces:A place for a domestic fire, especially a grate or hearth at the base of a chimney.
firepower:The destructive capacity of guns, missiles, or a military force (used with reference to the number and size of weapons available)
fireproof:Make (something) fireproof.
fireproofed:Make (something) fireproof.
fires:Discharge a gun or other weapon in order to propel (a bullet or projectile)
fireside:The area around a fireplace (used especially with reference to a person's home or family life)
firewood:Wood burned as fuel.
firework:A device containing gunpowder and other combustible chemicals that causes a spectacular explosion when ignited, used typically for display or in celebrations.
fireworks:A device containing gunpowder and other combustible chemicals which causes spectacular effects and explosions when ignited, used for display or in celebrations.
firing:The action of setting fire to something.
firings:The action of setting fire to something.
firkin:A small cask formerly used for liquids, butter, or fish.
firm:Make (something) physically solid or resilient.
firmament:The heavens or the sky, especially when regarded as a tangible thing.
firmed:Make more solid or resilient.
firmer:Make more solid or resilient.
firmest:Make more solid or resilient.
firming:Make more solid or resilient.
firmly:With little possibility of movement; securely.
firmness:The quality of having a solid, almost unyielding surface or structure.
firms:Make more solid or resilient.
firmware:Permanent software programmed into a read-only memory.
firs:An evergreen coniferous tree with upright cones and flat needle-shaped leaves, typically arranged in two rows. Firs are an important source of timber and resins.
first:Coming before all others in time or order; earliest; 1st.
firstborn:A person's first child.
firstborns:A person's first child.
firsthand:From the original source or personal experience; directly.
firstly:Used to introduce a first point or reason.
firth:A narrow inlet of the sea; an estuary.
fiscal:A legal or treasury official in some countries.
fiscally:In a way that relates to government revenue, especially taxes.
fish:A limbless cold-blooded vertebrate animal with gills and fins and living wholly in water.
fished:Catch or try to catch fish, typically by using a net or hook and line.
fisher:A person who catches fish for a living or for sport.
fisheries:A place where fish are reared for commercial purposes.
fisherman:A person who catches fish for a living or for sport.
fishermen:A person who catches fish for a living or for sport.
fishers:A person who catches fish for a living or for sport.
fishery:A place where fish are reared for commercial purposes.
fishes:Catch or try to catch fish, typically by using a net or hook and line.
fishier:Relating to or resembling fish or a fish.
fishiest:Relating to or resembling fish or a fish.
fishing:The activity of catching fish, either for food or as a sport.
fishmonger:A person or store that sells fish for food.
fishmongers:A person or shop that sells fish for food.
fishnet:A fabric with an open mesh resembling a fishing net.
fishwife:A coarse-mannered woman who is prone to shouting.
fishy:Relating to or resembling fish or a fish.
fissile:(of an atom or element) able to undergo nuclear fission.
fission:The action of dividing or splitting something into two or more parts.
fissions:(chiefly of atoms) undergo fission.
fissure:Split or crack (something) to form a long, narrow opening.
fissured:Having long, narrow cracks or openings.
fissures:Split or crack (something) to form a long, narrow opening.
fist:Hit with or as with the fists or a fist.
fistful:As much as a person can hold in their clenched hand.
fisticuffs:Fighting with the fists.
fists:Strike with the fist.
fistula:An abnormal or surgically made passage between a hollow or tubular organ and the body surface, or between two hollow or tubular organs.
fit:Be of the right shape and size for.
fitful:Active or occurring spasmodically or intermittently; not regular or steady.
fitfully:Not regularly or continuously; intermittently.
fitment:A fixed item of furniture or piece of equipment, especially in a house.
fitments:A fixed item of furniture or piece of equipment, especially in a house.
fitness:The condition of being physically fit and healthy.
fits:Be of the right shape and size for.
fitted:Made or shaped to fill a space or to cover something closely or exactly.
fitter:A person who puts together or installs machinery, engine parts, or other equipment.
fitters:A person who puts together or installs machinery, engine parts, or other equipment.
fittest:Be of the right shape and size for.
fitting:A small part on or attached to a piece of furniture or equipment.
fittingly:In a way that is suitable or appropriate under the circumstances.
fittings:A small part on or attached to a piece of furniture or equipment.
five:Equivalent to the sum of two and three; one more than four, or half of ten; 5.A group or unit of five people or things.Five years old.Five o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by five.A playing card or domino with five spots or pips.A five-dollar bill.
fivefold:By five times; to five times the number or amount.
fiver:A five-dollar bill.
fivers:A five-pound note.
fives:A game, played especially in the UK, in which a ball is hit with a gloved hand or a bat against the walls of a court with three walls (Eton fives) or four walls (Rugby fives).
fix:Fasten (something) securely in a particular place or position.
fixate:Cause (someone) to acquire an obsessive attachment to someone or something.
fixated:Cause (someone) to develop an obsessive attachment to someone or something.
fixates:Cause (someone) to develop an obsessive attachment to someone or something.
fixation:An obsessive interest in or feeling about someone or something.
fixative:A chemical substance used to preserve or stabilize biological material prior to microscopy or other examination.
fixed:Fastened securely in position.
fixer:A person who makes arrangements for other people, especially of an illicit or devious kind.
fixers:A person who makes arrangements for other people, especially of an illicit or devious kind.
fixes:Fasten (something) securely in a particular place or position.
fixing:The process of deciding or planning something.
fixture:A piece of equipment or furniture which is fixed in position in a building or vehicle.
fixtures:A piece of equipment or furniture which is fixed in position in a building or vehicle.
fizz:(of a liquid) produce bubbles of gas and make a hissing sound.
fizzed:(of a liquid) produce bubbles of gas and make a hissing sound.
fizzes:(of a liquid) produce bubbles of gas and make a hissing sound.
fizzier:(of a drink) containing bubbles of gas; effervescent.
fizziest:(of a drink) containing bubbles of gas; effervescent.
fizzing:(of a liquid) produce bubbles of gas and make a hissing sound.
fizzle:Make a feeble hissing or spluttering sound.
fizzled:Make a feeble hissing or spluttering sound.
fizzles:Make a feeble hissing or spluttering sound.
fizzy:(of a beverage) containing bubbles of gas; effervescent.
fjord:A long, narrow, deep inlet of the sea between high cliffs, as in Norway and Iceland, typically formed by submergence of a glaciated valley.
fjords:A long, narrow, deep inlet of the sea between high cliffs, as in Norway, typically formed by submergence of a glaciated valley.
flab:Soft loose flesh on a person's body; fat.
flabbergasted:Greatly surprised or astonished.
flabbier:(of a part of a person's body) soft, loose, and fleshy.
flabbiest:(of a part of a person's body) soft, loose, and fleshy.
flabby:(of a part of a person's body) soft, loose, and fleshy.
flaccid:(of part of the body) soft and hanging loosely or limply, especially so as to look or feel unpleasant.
flack:Publicize or promote (something or someone)
flag:Mark (an item) for attention or treatment in a specified way.
flagella:A slender threadlike structure, especially a microscopic appendage that enables many protozoa, bacteria, spermatozoa, etc. to swim.
flagellate:Flog (someone), either as a religious discipline or for sexual gratification.
flagellation:Flogging or beating, either as a religious discipline or for sexual gratification.
flagged:Paved with flat stone slabs.
flagging:Becoming tired or less dynamic; declining in strength.
flagon:A large container in which drink is served, typically with a handle and spout.
flagons:A large container in which drink is served, typically with a handle and spout.
flagpole:A pole used for flying a flag.
flagrant:(of something considered wrong or immoral) conspicuously or obviously offensive.
flagrantly:In a conspicuously or obviously offensive way.
flags:Mark (an item) for attention or treatment in a specified way.
flagship:The ship in a fleet which carries the commanding admiral.
flagships:The ship in a fleet which carries the commanding admiral.
flair:A special or instinctive aptitude or ability for doing something well.
flak:Strong criticism.
flake:Come or fall away from a surface in thin pieces.
flaked:(of food) separated or cut into flakes or thin pieces.
flakes:Come or fall away from a surface in flakes.
flakiest:Breaking or separating easily into flakes.
flaking:Come or fall away from a surface in flakes.
flaky:Breaking or separating easily into small thin pieces.
flamboyance:The tendency to attract attention because of one's exuberance, confidence, and stylishness.
flamboyant:(of a person or their behavior) tending to attract attention because of their exuberance, confidence, and stylishness.
flame:Burn and give off flames.
flamed:Burn and give off flames.
flamenco:A style of Spanish music, played especially on the guitar and accompanied by singing and dancing.
flameproof:Make (something) flameproof.
flames:Burn and give off flames.
flaming:Burning fiercely and emitting flames.
flamingo:A tall wading bird with mainly pink or scarlet plumage and long legs and neck. It has a heavy bent bill that is held upside down in the water in order to filter-feed on small organisms.
flammable:Easily set on fire.
flan:A baked dish consisting of an open-topped pastry case with a savory or sweet filling.
flange:A projecting flat rim, collar, or rib on an object, serving to strengthen or attach or (on a wheel) to maintain position on a rail.
flanges:A projecting flat rim, collar, or rib on an object, serving for strengthening or attachment or (on a wheel) for maintaining position on a rail.
flank:Be on each or on one side of.
flanked:Be on each or on one side of.
flanker:A person or thing positioned on the flank of something.
flanking:Be on each or on one side of.
flanks:Be on each or on one side of.
flannel:A kind of soft-woven fabric, typically made of wool or cotton and slightly milled and raised.
flannelette:A napped cotton fabric resembling flannel.
flannels:Use bland fluent talk to avoid addressing a difficult subject or situation directly.
flans:A baked dish consisting of an open-topped pastry case with a savoury or sweet filling.
flap:(of a bird) move (its wings) up and down when flying or preparing to fly.
flapjack:A pancake.
flapped:(of a bird) move (its wings) up and down when flying or preparing to fly.
flapper:(in the 1920s) a fashionable young woman intent on enjoying herself and flouting conventional standards of behavior.
flappers:(in the 1920s) a fashionable young woman intent on enjoying herself and flouting conventional standards of behaviour.
flapping:(of a bird) move (its wings) up and down when flying or preparing to fly.
flaps:(of a bird) move (its wings) up and down when flying or preparing to fly.
flare:A sudden brief burst of bright flame or light.
flared:(especially of an item of clothing) having a shape that widens progressively toward the end or bottom.
flares:Burn or shine with a sudden intensity.
flareup:A sudden outburst of something, especially violence or hostility.
flareups:A sudden outburst of something, especially violence or hostility.
flaring:Burn or shine with a sudden intensity.
flash:(of a light or something that reflects light) shine in a bright but brief, sudden, or intermittent way.
flashback:A scene in a movie, novel, etc., set in a time earlier than the main story.
flashbacks:Move to a scene in a film, novel, etc. that is set in a time earlier than the main story.
flashbulb:A light bulb that flashes in order to illuminate a photographic subject, of a type that is used only once.
flashed:Shine in a bright but brief, sudden, or intermittent way.
flasher:An automatic device causing a light to flash on and off rapidly.
flashes:Shine in a bright but brief, sudden, or intermittent way.
flashier:Ostentatiously attractive or impressive.
flashiest:Ostentatiously attractive or impressive.
flashing:Brief, sudden, and intermittent bursts of bright light.
flashlight:A battery-operated portable light.
flashlights:An electric torch.
flashpoint:A place, event, or time at which trouble, such as violence or anger, flares up.
flashpoints:A place, event, or time at which violence or hostility flares up.
flashy:Ostentatiously attractive or impressive.
flask:A container for liquids.
flasks:A container for liquids.
flat:The flat part of something.
flatfish:A flattened marine fish that swims on its side with both eyes on the upper side. They live typically on the seabed and are colored to resemble it.
flatly:Showing little interest or emotion.
flatmate:A person who shares a flat (apartment) with others.
flatmates:A person who shares a flat with others.
flatness:The quality of having a level surface without raised areas or indentations.
flats:Lower (a note) by a semitone.
flatten:Make or become flat or flatter.
flattened:Make or become flat or flatter.
flattening:Make or become flat or flatter.
flattens:Make or become flat or flatter.
flatter:Lavish insincere praise and compliments upon (someone), especially to further one's own interests.
flattered:Lavish praise and compliments on (someone), often insincerely and with the aim of furthering one's own interests.
flatterer:A person who lavishes praise, often insincerely; a sycophant.
flatterers:A person who lavishes praise, often insincerely; a sycophant.
flattering:(of a person or their remarks) full of praise and compliments.
flatters:Lavish praise and compliments on (someone), often insincerely and with the aim of furthering one's own interests.
flattery:Excessive and insincere praise, given especially to further one's own interests.
flattest:Lower (a note) by a semitone.
flatulence:The accumulation of gas in the alimentary canal.
flatulent:Suffering from or marked by an accumulation of gas in the alimentary canal.
flatus:Gas in or from the stomach or intestines, produced by swallowing air or by bacterial fermentation.
flatworms:A worm of a phylum which includes the planarians together with the parasitic flukes and tapeworms. They are distinguished by having a simple flattened body which lacks blood vessels, and a digestive tract which, if present, has a single opening.
flaunt:Display (something) ostentatiously, especially in order to provoke envy or admiration or to show defiance.
flaunted:Display (something) ostentatiously, especially in order to provoke envy or admiration or to show defiance.
flaunting:Display (something) ostentatiously, especially in order to provoke envy or admiration or to show defiance.
flaunts:Display (something) ostentatiously, especially in order to provoke envy or admiration or to show defiance.
flautist:A flute player.
flavour:Alter or enhance the taste of (food or drink) by adding a particular ingredient.
flavoured:(of food or drink) having a particular flavour.
flavouring:A substance used to give a different, stronger, or more agreeable taste to food or drink.
flavourings:A substance used to give a different, stronger, or more agreeable taste to food or drink.
flavours:Alter or enhance the taste of (food or drink) by adding a particular ingredient.
flaw:(of an imperfection) mar, weaken, or invalidate (something)
flawed:Blemished, damaged, or imperfect in some way.
flawless:Without any blemishes or imperfections; perfect.
flawlessly:In a manner free from imperfections or defects; perfectly.
flaws:Mar, weaken, or invalidate (something)
flax:A blue-flowered herbaceous plant that is cultivated for its seed (linseed) and for textile fiber made from its stalks.
flaxen:Of flax.
flay:Peel the skin off (a corpse or carcass)
flayed:Strip the skin off (a corpse or carcass)
flaying:Strip the skin off (a corpse or carcass)
flea:A small wingless jumping insect which feeds on the blood of mammals and birds. It sometimes transmits diseases through its bite, including plague and myxomatosis.
fleas:A small wingless jumping insect which feeds on the blood of mammals and birds. It sometimes transmits diseases through its bite, including plague and myxomatosis.
fleck:Mark or dot with small patches of color or particles of something.
flecked:Mark or dot with small patches of colour or particles of something.
flecks:Mark or dot with small patches of colour or particles of something.
fled:Run away from a place or situation of danger.
fledge:(of a young bird) develop wing feathers that are large enough for flight.
fledged:(of a young bird) having wing feathers that are large enough for flight; able to fly.
fledgeling:A young bird that has just fledged.
fledges:(of a young bird) develop wing feathers that are large enough for flight.
fledgling:A young bird that has just fledged.
fledglings:A young bird that has just fledged.
flee:Run away from a place or situation of danger.
fleece:Obtain a great deal of money from (someone), typically by overcharging or swindling them.
fleeced:(of a sheep or goat) having a woolly covering.
fleeces:Obtain a great deal of money from (someone), typically by overcharging or swindling them.
fleecing:Obtain a great deal of money from (someone), typically by overcharging or swindling them.
fleecy:(especially of a towel or garment) made of or lined with a soft, warm fabric.
fleeing:Run away from a place or situation of danger.
flees:Run away from a place or situation of danger.
fleet:A group of ships sailing together, engaged in the same activity, or under the same ownership.
fleeted:A group of ships sailing together, engaged in the same activity, or under the same ownership.
fleeter:A group of ships sailing together, engaged in the same activity, or under the same ownership.
fleeting:Lasting for a very short time.
fleetingly:For a very short time.
fleets:A group of ships sailing together, engaged in the same activity, or under the same ownership.
flemish:The Dutch language as spoken in Flanders, one of the two official languages of Belgium.
flesh:Put weight on.
fleshed:Having flesh of a specified kind.
flesher:A knife for fleshing hides.
fleshes:Put weight on.
fleshier:(of a person or part of the body) having a substantial amount of flesh; plump.
fleshiest:(of a person or part of the body) having a substantial amount of flesh; plump.
fleshing:The removal of the flesh adhering to a skin or hide.
fleshly:Relating to human desire or bodily appetites; sensual.
fleshpots:Places providing luxurious or hedonistic living.
fleshy:(of a person or part of the body) having a substantial amount of flesh; plump.
flew:(of a bird, bat, or insect) move through the air using wings.
flex:(with reference to a limb or joint) bend or become bent.
flexed:(of a limb or joint) bent.
flexes:(with reference to a limb or joint) bend or become bent.
flexibility:The quality of bending easily without breaking.
flexible:Capable of bending easily without breaking.
flexibly:In a way that can change so as to adapt to different circumstances.
flexile:Pliant and flexible.
flexing:(with reference to a limb or joint) bend or become bent.
flexion:The action of bending or the condition of being bent, especially the bending of a limb or joint.
flexor:A muscle whose contraction bends a limb or other part of the body.
flick:Propel (something) with a sudden sharp movement, especially of the fingers.
flicked:Strike or propel (something) with a sudden quick movement of the fingers.
flicker:(of light or a source of light) shine unsteadily; vary rapidly in brightness.
flickered:(of light or a source of light) shine unsteadily; vary rapidly in brightness.
flickering:(of a flame or light) burning or shining unsteadily; wavering.
flickers:(of light or a source of light) shine unsteadily; vary rapidly in brightness.
flicking:Strike or propel (something) with a sudden quick movement of the fingers.
flicks:Strike or propel (something) with a sudden quick movement of the fingers.
flier:A person or thing that flies, especially in a particular way.
fliers:A person or thing that flies, especially in a particular way.
flies:(of a bird, bat, or insect) move through the air using wings.
flight:Shoot (wildfowl) in flight.
flighted:(in soccer, cricket, etc.) deliver (a ball) with well-judged trajectory and pace.
flightless:(of a bird or an insect) naturally unable to fly.
flights:(in soccer, cricket, etc.) deliver (a ball) with well-judged trajectory and pace.
flighty:Fickle and irresponsible.
flimsier:A document, especially a copy, made on very thin paper.
flimsiest:A document, especially a copy, made on very thin paper.
flimsy:A document, especially a copy, made on very thin paper.
flinch:Make a quick, nervous movement as an instinctive reaction to fear, pain, or surprise.
flinched:Make a quick, nervous movement as an instinctive reaction to fear, pain, or surprise.
flinching:The making of a quick, nervous movement as an instinctive reaction to fear, pain, or surprise.
fling:Throw or hurl forcefully.
flinging:Throw or hurl forcefully.
flings:Throw or hurl forcefully.
flint:A hard gray rock consisting of nearly pure chert, occurring chiefly as nodules in chalk.
flintlock:An old-fashioned type of gun fired by a spark from a flint.
flintlocks:An old-fashioned type of gun fired by a spark from a flint.
flinty:Of, containing, or reminiscent of flint.
flip:Turn over with a sudden quick movement.
flippancy:Lack of respect or seriousness; frivolousness.
flippant:Not showing a serious or respectful attitude.
flipped:Turn over with a sudden quick movement.
flipper:A broad flat limb without fingers, used for swimming by various sea animals such as seals, whales, and turtles.
flippers:A broad flat limb without fingers, used for swimming by various sea animals such as seals, whales, and turtles.
flipping:Used for emphasis or to express mild annoyance.
flips:Turn over with a sudden quick movement.
flirt:Behave as though attracted to or trying to attract someone, but for amusement rather than with serious intentions.
flirtation:Behavior that demonstrates a playful sexual attraction to someone.
flirtatious:Behaving in such a way as to suggest a playful sexual attraction to someone.
flirted:Behave as though sexually attracted to someone, but playfully rather than with serious intentions.
flirting:Behave as though sexually attracted to someone, but playfully rather than with serious intentions.
flirts:Behave as though sexually attracted to someone, but playfully rather than with serious intentions.
flit:Move swiftly and lightly.
flits:Move swiftly and lightly.
flitted:Move swiftly and lightly.
flitting:Move swiftly and lightly.
float:Rest or move on or near the surface of a liquid without sinking.
floated:Rest or move on or near the surface of a liquid without sinking.
floater:A person or thing that floats.
floaters:A person or thing that floats.
floating:Buoyant or suspended in water or air.
floats:Rest or move on or near the surface of a liquid without sinking.
floaty:An inflatable object on which a person may sit or recline while floating in water.
flock:A number of birds of one kind feeding, resting, or traveling together.
flocked:(of birds) congregate in a flock.
flocking:(of birds) congregate in a flock.
flocks:(of birds) congregate in a flock.
floe:A sheet of floating ice.
flog:Beat (someone) with a whip or stick as punishment or torture.
flogged:Beat (someone) with a whip or stick as a punishment.
flogger:A person who whips or flogs another.
floggers:A person who whips or flogs another.
flogging:A punishment in which the victim is hit repeatedly with a whip or stick.
floggings:A punishment in which the victim is hit repeatedly with a whip or stick.
flogs:Beat (someone) with a whip or stick as a punishment.
flood:Cover or submerge (a place or area) with water.
flooded:Cover or submerge (an area) with water in a flood.
floodgates:A gate that can be opened or closed to admit or exclude water, especially the lower gate of a lock.
flooding:The covering or submerging of normally dry land with a large amount of water.
floodlight:Illuminate (a building or outdoor area) with floodlights.
floodlighting:Illuminate (a building or outdoor area) with floodlights.
floodlights:Illuminate (a building or outdoor area) with floodlights.
floodlit:(of a building or outdoor area) illuminated with floodlights.
floods:Cover or submerge (an area) with water in a flood.
floor:Provide (a room or area) with a floor.
floorboard:A long plank making up part of a wooden floor in a building.
floorboards:A long plank making up part of a wooden floor in a building.
floored:Provide (a room or area) with a floor.
flooring:The boards or other material of which a floor is made.
floors:Provide (a room or area) with a floor.
floozie:A young woman who has many casual sexual partners or who dresses or behaves in a sexually provocative way.
floozies:A young woman who has many casual sexual partners or who dresses or behaves in a sexually provocative way.
floozy:A young woman who has many casual sexual partners or who dresses or behaves in a sexually provocative way.
flop:Fall, move, or hang in a heavy, loose, and ungainly way.
flopped:Fall, move, or hang in a loose and ungainly way.
flopper:A player who deliberately falls or stumbles in order to give the appearance of being fouled by an opponent.
floppier:A flexible removable magnetic disk (typically encased in a hard plastic shell) for storing data.
floppies:A flexible removable magnetic disk (typically encased in a hard plastic shell) for storing data.
floppiest:A flexible removable magnetic disk (typically encased in a hard plastic shell) for storing data.
flopping:The action of deliberately falling or stumbling in order to give the appearance of having been fouled by an opponent.
floppy:A flexible removable magnetic disk (typically encased in a hard plastic shell) for storing data.
flops:Fall, move, or hang in a loose and ungainly way.
flora:The plants of a particular region, habitat, or geological period.
floral:A fabric with a floral design.
floreat:Used before a name to express one's desire that the specified institution or person will flourish.
florence:A city in western central Italy, the capital of Tuscany, on the Arno River; population 365,659 (2008). Florence was a leading center of the Italian Renaissance, especially under the rule of the Medici family during the 15th century.
floret:One of the small flowers making up a composite flower head.
florid:Having a red or flushed complexion.
florida:A state forming a peninsula of the southeastern US; population 18,328,340 (est. 2008); capital, Tallahassee. Explored by Ponce de León in 1513, it was purchased from Spain by the US in 1819 and became the 27th state of the US in 1845.
florin:A former British coin and monetary unit worth two shillings.
florins:A former British coin and monetary unit worth two shillings.
florist:A person who sells and arranges plants and cut flowers.
florists:A person who sells and arranges cut flowers.
floss:Clean between (one's teeth) with dental floss.
flosses:Clean between (one's teeth) with dental floss.
flossing:Clean between (one's teeth) with dental floss.
flossy:Of or like floss.
flotation:The action of floating in a liquid or gas.
flotations:The action of floating in a liquid or gas.
flotilla:A fleet of ships or boats.
flotillas:A small fleet of ships or boats.
flotsam:The wreckage of a ship or its cargo found floating on or washed up by the sea.
flounce:Go or move in an exaggeratedly impatient or angry manner.
flounced:(of a skirt or dress) trimmed with a wide ornamental strip of gathered material.
flounces:Go or move in an exaggeratedly impatient or angry manner.
flouncing:Go or move in an exaggeratedly impatient or angry manner.
flounder:Struggle or stagger helplessly or clumsily in water or mud.
floundered:Struggle or stagger clumsily in mud or water.
floundering:Struggle or stagger clumsily in mud or water.
flounders:Struggle or stagger clumsily in mud or water.
flour:Sprinkle (something, especially a work surface or cooking utensil) with a thin layer of flour.
floured:Sprinkle (something, especially a work surface or cooking utensil) with a thin layer of flour.
flourish:(of a person, animal, or other living organism) grow or develop in a healthy or vigorous way, especially as the result of a particularly favorable environment.
flourished:(of a living organism) grow or develop in a healthy or vigorous way, especially as the result of a particularly congenial environment.
flourishes:(of a living organism) grow or develop in a healthy or vigorous way, especially as the result of a particularly congenial environment.
flourishing:Developing rapidly and successfully; thriving.
flours:Sprinkle (something, especially a work surface or cooking utensil) with a thin layer of flour.
floury:Covered with flour.
flout:Openly disregard (a rule, law or convention)
flouted:Openly disregard (a rule, law, or convention)
flouting:Openly disregard (a rule, law, or convention)
flouts:Openly disregard (a rule, law, or convention)
flow:(of a fluid, gas, or electricity) move along or out steadily and continuously in a current or stream.
flowed:(of a liquid, gas, or electricity) move steadily and continuously in a current or stream.
flower:The seed-bearing part of a plant, consisting of reproductive organs (stamens and carpels) that are typically surrounded by a brightly colored corolla (petals) and a green calyx (sepals).
flowered:(especially of fabric or a garment) having a floral design.
flowering:The action of producing flowers.
flowerpot:A small container, typically with sloping sides and made from plastic or earthenware, used for growing a plant in.
flowerpots:A small container, typically with sloping sides and made from plastic or earthenware, used for growing a plant in.
flowers:(of a plant) produce flowers; bloom.
flowery:Full of, resembling, or smelling of flowers.
flowing:(especially of long hair or clothing) hanging or draping loosely and gracefully.
flown:(of a bird, bat, or insect) move through the air using wings.
flows:(of a liquid, gas, or electricity) move steadily and continuously in a current or stream.
flub:Botch or bungle (something)
flubbed:Botch or bungle (something)
fluctuate:Rise and fall irregularly in number or amount.
fluctuated:Rise and fall irregularly in number or amount.
fluctuates:Rise and fall irregularly in number or amount.
fluctuating:Rising and falling irregularly in number or amount.
fluctuation:An irregular rising and falling in number or amount; a variation.
fluctuations:An irregular rising and falling in number or amount; a variation.
flue:A duct for smoke and waste gases produced by a fire, a gas heater, a power station, or other fuel-burning installation.
fluency:The quality or condition of being fluent.
fluent:(of a person) able to express oneself easily and articulately.
fluently:With an ability to express oneself easily and articulately.
flues:A duct for smoke and waste gases produced by a fire, a gas heater, a power station, or other fuel-burning installation.
fluff:Make (something) appear fuller and softer by shaking or brushing it.
fluffed:Make (something) appear fuller and softer by shaking or brushing it.
fluffier:Of, like, or covered with fluff.
fluffiest:Of, like, or covered with fluff.
fluffing:Make (something) appear fuller and softer by shaking or brushing it.
fluffs:Make (something) appear fuller and softer by shaking or brushing it.
fluffy:Of, like, or covered with fluff.
fluid:A substance that has no fixed shape and yields easily to external pressure; a gas or (especially) a liquid.
fluidised:Give (a finely divided solid) the characteristics of a fluid by passing a gas upwards through it.
fluidity:The ability of a substance to flow easily.
fluidly:In a way that flows easily.
fluids:A substance that has no fixed shape and yields easily to external pressure; a gas or (especially) a liquid.
fluke:An unlikely chance occurrence, especially a surprising piece of luck.
flukes:Achieve (something) by luck rather than skill.
flukey:Obtained or achieved more by chance than skill.
flukier:Obtained or achieved more by chance than skill.
flukiest:Obtained or achieved more by chance than skill.
flumes:An artificial channel conveying water, typically used for transporting logs or timber.
flumped:Fall or sit down heavily.
flung:Throw or hurl forcefully.
flunked:Fail to reach the required standard in (an examination, test, or course of study)
fluor:Such a mineral containing fluorine; especially = "fluorspar".
fluoresce:Shine or glow brightly due to fluorescence.
fluorescence:The visible or invisible radiation emitted by certain substances as a result of incident radiation of a shorter wavelength such as X-rays or ultraviolet light.
fluorescent:A fluorescent tube or lamp.
fluoresces:Shine or glow brightly due to fluorescence.
fluorescing:Shine or glow brightly due to fluorescence.
fluoride:A compound of fluorine with another element or group, especially a salt of the anion F⁻ or an organic compound with fluorine bonded to an alkyl group.
fluorine:The chemical element of atomic number 9, a poisonous pale yellow gas of the halogen series. It is the most reactive of all the elements, causing severe burns on contact with skin.
fluorocarbon:A compound formed by replacing one or more of the hydrogen atoms in a hydrocarbon with fluorine atoms.
fluorocarbons:A compound formed by replacing one or more of the hydrogen atoms in a hydrocarbon with fluorine atoms.
flurried:(of a person) agitated, nervous, or anxious.
flurries:(especially of snow or leaves) be moved in small swirling masses by sudden gusts of wind.
flurry:(especially of snow or leaves) be moved in small swirling masses by sudden gusts of wind.
flush:(of a person's skin, face, etc.) become red and hot, typically as the result of illness or strong emotion.
flushed:(of a person's skin) red and hot, typically as the result of illness or strong emotion.
flushes:(of a person's skin, face, etc.) become red and hot, typically as the result of illness or strong emotion.
flushing:A commercial and residential section of northern Queens in New York City, noted for its diverse population.
fluster:Make (someone) agitated or confused.
flustered:Agitated or confused.
flute:Speak in a melodious way.
fluted:Having flutes or grooves; ridged.
flutes:Speak in a melodious way.
fluting:Sound reminiscent of that of a flute.
flutist:A flute player; a flautist.
flutter:(of a bird or other winged creature) fly unsteadily or hover by flapping the wings quickly and lightly.
fluttered:(of a bird or other winged creature) fly unsteadily or hover by flapping the wings quickly and lightly.
fluttering:(of a bird or other winged creature) flying unsteadily or hovering by flapping the wings quickly and lightly.
flutters:(of a bird or other winged creature) fly unsteadily or hover by flapping the wings quickly and lightly.
fluttery:Characterized by a fluttering or light flapping movement.
fluvial:Of or found in a river.
flux:Treat (a metal object) with a flux to promote melting.
fluxes:Treat (a metal object) with a flux to promote melting.
fly:(of a bird, bat, or insect) move through the air using wings.
flyaway:A fine strand of hair that sticks out or does not lie smoothly against the rest of the hair; a stray hair.
flyer:A person or thing that flies, especially in a particular way.
flyers:A person or thing that flies, especially in a particular way.
flying:Flight, especially in an aircraft.
flyover:A low flight by one or more aircraft over a specific location.
flyovers:A bridge carrying one railway line or road over another.
flypaper:Sticky, poison-treated strips of paper that are hung indoors to catch and kill flies.
flypast:A ceremonial flight of aircraft past a person or a place.
flyway:A route regularly used by large numbers of migrating birds.
flyways:A route regularly used by large numbers of migrating birds.
flyweight:A weight in boxing and other sports intermediate between light flyweight and bantamweight. In boxing it ranges from 108 to 112 pounds (48 to 51 kg).
flywheel:A heavy revolving wheel in a machine that is used to increase the machine's momentum and thereby provide greater stability or a reserve of available power during interruptions in the delivery of power to the machine.
foal:A young horse or related animal.
foaled:(of a mare) give birth to a foal.
foaling:(of a mare) give birth to a foal.
foals:(of a mare) give birth to a foal.
foam:A mass of small bubbles formed on or in liquid, typically by agitation or fermentation.
foamed:Form or produce a mass of small bubbles; froth.
foamier:Producing or consisting of foam; frothy.
foamiest:Producing or consisting of foam; frothy.
foaming:Producing a mass of small bubbles; frothing.
foams:Form or produce a mass of small bubbles; froth.
foamy:Producing or consisting of foam; frothy.
fob:A chain attached to a watch for carrying in a waistcoat or waistband pocket.A small ornament attached to a watch chain.A small pocket for carrying a watch.A tab on a key ring.
fobbed:A chain attached to a watch for carrying in a waistcoat or waistband pocket.A small ornament attached to a watch chain.A small pocket for carrying a watch.A tab on a key ring.
fobbing:A chain attached to a watch for carrying in a waistcoat or waistband pocket.A small ornament attached to a watch chain.A small pocket for carrying a watch.A tab on a key ring.
fobs:A chain attached to a watch for carrying in a waistcoat or waistband pocket.A small ornament attached to a watch chain.A small pocket for carrying a watch.A tab on a key ring.
focal:Relating to the center or main point of interest.
foci:Adapt to the prevailing level of light and become able to see clearly.
focus:The center of interest or activity.
focused:Directing a great deal of attention, interest, or activity towards a particular aim.
focuses:Adapt to the prevailing level of light and become able to see clearly.
focusing:Adapt to the prevailing level of light and become able to see clearly.
focussed:Adapt to the prevailing level of light and become able to see clearly.
focusses:Adapt to the prevailing level of light and become able to see clearly.
focussing:Adapt to the prevailing level of light and become able to see clearly.
fodder:Give fodder to (cattle or other livestock)
fodders:Give fodder to (cattle or other livestock)
foe:An enemy or opponent.
foes:An enemy or opponent.
foetal:Relating to a fetus.
foetid:Smelling extremely unpleasant.
foetus:An unborn or unhatched offspring of a mammal, in particular an unborn human more than eight weeks after conception.
foetuses:An unborn or unhatched offspring of a mammal, in particular an unborn human more than eight weeks after conception.
fog:(with reference to a glass surface) cover or become covered with steam.
fogey:A person, typically an old one, who is considered to be old-fashioned or conservative in attitude or tastes.
fogged:(with reference to a glass surface) cover or become covered with steam.
foggier:Full of or characterized by fog.
foggiest:Full of or characterized by fog.
fogging:(with reference to a glass surface) cover or become covered with steam.
foggy:Full of or accompanied by fog.
foghorn:A device making a loud, deep sound as a warning to ships in fog.
foghorns:A device making a loud, deep sound as a warning to ships in fog.
fogs:(with reference to a glass surface) cover or become covered with steam.
fogy:A very old-fashioned or conservative person.
foible:A minor weakness or eccentricity in someone's character.
foibles:A minor weakness or eccentricity in someone's character.
foil:Prevent (something considered wrong or undesirable) from succeeding.
foiled:Prevent (something considered wrong or undesirable) from succeeding.
foiling:Prevent (something considered wrong or undesirable) from succeeding.
foils:Prevent (something considered wrong or undesirable) from succeeding.
foist:Impose an unwelcome or unnecessary person or thing on.
foisted:Impose an unwelcome or unnecessary person or thing on.
foisting:Impose an unwelcome or unnecessary person or thing on.
fold:Bend (something flexible and relatively flat) over on itself so that one part of it covers another.
folded:Bend (something flexible and relatively flat) over on itself so that one part of it covers another.
folder:A folding cover or holder, typically made of stiff paper or cardboard, for storing loose papers.
folders:A folding cover or holder, typically made of stiff paper or card, for storing loose papers.
folding:(of a piece of furniture or equipment) able to be bent or rearranged into a flatter or more compact shape, typically in order to make it easier to store or carry.
folds:Bend (something flexible and relatively flat) over on itself so that one part of it covers another.
foliage:Plant leaves collectively.
foliate:Decorate with leaves or leaflike motifs.
foliated:Decorated with leaves or leaflike motifs.
folio:An individual leaf of paper or parchment, numbered on the recto or front side only, occurring either loose as one of a series or forming part of a bound volume.
folk:People in general.Used as a friendly form of address to a group of people.The members of one's family, especially one's parents.
folkish:Characteristic of ordinary people or traditional culture.
folklore:The traditional beliefs, customs, and stories of a community, passed through the generations by word of mouth.
folks:People in general.Used as a friendly form of address to a group of people.The members of one's family, especially one's parents.
follicle:A small secretory cavity, sac, or gland.
follicles:A small secretory cavity, sac, or gland.
follicular:Of the nature of, composed of, or characteristic of a follicle or follicles.
follies:Lack of good sense; foolishness.
follow:Go or come after (a person or thing proceeding ahead); move or travel behind.
followed:Go or come after (a person or thing proceeding ahead); move or travel behind.
follower:An adherent or devotee of a particular person, cause, or activity.
followers:A person who supports and admires a particular person or set of ideas.
following:Coming after or as a result of.
followings:Coming after or as a result of.
follows:Go or come after (a person or thing proceeding ahead); move or travel behind.
folly:Lack of good sense; foolishness.
foment:Instigate or stir up (an undesirable or violent sentiment or course of action)
fomented:Instigate or stir up (an undesirable or violent sentiment or course of action)
fomenting:Instigate or stir up (an undesirable or violent sentiment or course of action)
fond:Having an affection or liking for.
fondant:A thick paste made of sugar and water and often flavored or colored, used in the making of candy and the icing and decoration of cakes.
fonder:Having an affection or liking for.
fondest:Having an affection or liking for.
fondle:Stroke or caress lovingly or erotically.
fondled:Stroke or caress lovingly or erotically.
fondles:Stroke or caress lovingly or erotically.
fondling:Stroke or caress lovingly or erotically.
fondly:With affection or liking.
fondness:Affection or liking for someone or something.
fondue:A dish in which small pieces of food are dipped into a hot sauce or a hot cooking medium such as oil or broth.
fondues:A dish in which small pieces of food are dipped into a hot sauce or a hot cooking medium such as oil or broth.
font:A receptacle in a church for the water used in baptism, typically a freestanding stone structure.
fontanel:A space between the bones of the skull in an infant or fetus, where ossification is not complete and the sutures not fully formed. The main one is between the frontal and parietal bones.
fonts:A receptacle in a church for the water used in baptism, typically a free-standing stone structure.
food:Any nutritious substance that people or animals eat or drink or that plants absorb in order to maintain life and growth.
foodless:Of a person or animal: having no food.
foods:Any nutritious substance that people or animals eat or drink or that plants absorb in order to maintain life and growth.
foodstuff:A substance suitable for consumption as food.
foodstuffs:A substance suitable for consumption as food.
fool:Trick or deceive (someone); dupe.
fooled:Trick or deceive (someone); dupe.
foolery:Silly or foolish behavior.
foolhardy:Recklessly bold or rash.
fooling:Trick or deceive (someone); dupe.
foolish:(of a person or action) lacking good sense or judgment; unwise.
foolishly:In an unwise manner; stupidly.
foolishness:Lack of good sense or judgment; stupidity.
foolproof:Incapable of going wrong or being misused.
fools:Trick or deceive (someone); dupe.
foolscap:A size of paper, now standardized at about 13 × 8 (or 13 × 15.75) inches (300 × 200 [or 300 × 400] mm)
foot:Cover a distance, especially a long one, on foot.
footage:A length of film made for movies or television.
football:A form of team game played in North America with an oval ball on a field marked out as a gridiron.
footballer:A person who plays soccer; a soccer player.
footballers:A person who plays soccer; a soccer player.
footballing:Relating to the playing of soccer.
footballs:Any of various forms of team game involving kicking (and in some cases also handling) a ball, in particular (in the UK) soccer or (in the US) American football.
footbath:An act of washing one's feet.
footbridge:A bridge designed to be used by pedestrians.
footed:Having a foot or feet.
footfall:The sound of a footstep or footsteps.
footfalls:The sound of a footstep or footsteps.
foothill:A low hill at the base of a mountain or mountain range.
foothills:A low hill at the base of a mountain or mountain range.
foothold:A place where a person's foot can be lodged to support them securely, especially while climbing.
footholds:A place where a person's foot can be lodged to support them securely, especially while climbing.
footing:A secure grip with one's feet.
footings:A secure grip with one's feet.
footlights:A row of spotlights along the front of a stage at the level of the actors' feet.
footloose:Able to travel freely and do as one pleases due to a lack of responsibilities or commitments.
footman:A liveried servant whose duties include admitting visitors and waiting at table.
footmarks:A footprint.
footmen:A liveried servant whose duties include admitting visitors and waiting at table.
footnote:Add a footnote or footnotes to (a piece of writing).
footnotes:Add a footnote or footnotes to (a piece of writing).
footpads:A highwayman operating on foot rather than riding a horse.
footpath:A path for people to walk along, especially one in the countryside.
footpaths:A path for people to walk along, especially a right of way in the countryside.
footplate:The platform for the crew in the cab of a locomotive.
footprint:The impression left by a foot or shoe on the ground or a surface.
footprints:The impression left by a foot or shoe on the ground or a surface.
footrest:A support for the feet or a foot, used when sitting.
foots:Cover a distance, especially a long one, on foot.
footsie:A child's word for a person's foot.
footsore:(of a person or animal) having painful or tender feet from much walking.
footstep:A step taken by a person in walking, especially as heard by another person.
footsteps:A step taken by a person in walking, especially as heard by another person.
footstool:A low stool for resting the feet on when sitting.
footstools:A low stool for resting the feet on when sitting.
footway:A path or track for pedestrians.
footwear:Outer coverings for the feet, such as shoes, boots, and sandals.
footwork:The manner in which one moves one's feet in various activities such as sports and dancing.
fop:A man who is concerned with his clothes and appearance in an affected and excessive way; a dandy.
fops:A man who is concerned with his clothes and appearance in an affected and excessive way.
for:In support of or in favor of (a person or policy)
forage:(of a person or animal) search widely for food or provisions.
foraged:(of a person or animal) search widely for food or provisions.
foragers:A person or animal that searches widely for food or provisions.
forages:(of a person or animal) search widely for food or provisions.
foraging:(of a person or animal) search widely for food or provisions.
foramen:An opening, hole, or passage, especially in a bone.
foray:Make or go on a foray.
forays:Make or go on a foray.
forbad:Refuse to allow (something)
forbade:Refuse to allow (something)
forbear:Politely or patiently restrain an impulse to do something; refrain.
forbearance:Patient self-control; restraint and tolerance.
forbearing:(of a person) patient and restrained.
forbears:Politely or patiently restrain an impulse to do something; refrain.
forbid:Refuse to allow (something)
forbidden:Not allowed; banned.
forbidding:Unfriendly or threatening in appearance.
forbids:Refuse to allow (something)
forbore:Politely or patiently restrain an impulse to do something; refrain.
force:Make a way through or into by physical strength; break open by force.
forced:Obtained or imposed by coercion or physical power.
forceful:(especially of a person or argument) strong and assertive; vigorous and powerful.
forcefully:In a strong and assertive manner; vigorously.
forces:Make a way through or into by physical strength; break open by force.
forcible:Done by force.
forcibly:Using force or violence.
forcing:(of a bid) requiring by convention a response from one's partner, no matter how weak their hand may be.
ford:(of a person or vehicle) cross (a river or stream) at a shallow place.
forded:(of a person or vehicle) cross (a river or stream) at a shallow place.
fording:(of a person or vehicle) cross (a river or stream) at a shallow place.
fords:(of a person or vehicle) cross (a river or stream) at a shallow place.
fore:nonstandard form of before
forearm:The part of a person's arm extending from the elbow to the wrist or the fingertips.
forearmed:The part of a person's arm extending from the elbow to the wrist or the fingertips.
forearms:The part of a person's arm extending from the elbow to the wrist or the fingertips.
forebear:An ancestor.
forebears:An ancestor.
foreboded:(of a situation or occurrence) act as an advance warning of (something bad)
foreboding:Fearful apprehension; a feeling that something bad will happen.
forebodings:A feeling that something bad will happen; fearful apprehension.
forebrain:The anterior part of the brain, including the cerebral hemispheres, the thalamus, and the hypothalamus.
forecast:Predict or estimate (a future event or trend)
forecaster:A person who predicts or estimates a future event or trend.
forecasters:A person who predicts or estimates a future event or trend.
forecasting:Predict or estimate (a future event or trend)
forecasts:Predict or estimate (a future event or trend)
foreclose:Take possession of a mortgaged property as a result of the mortgagor's failure to keep up their mortgage payments.
foreclosed:Take possession of a mortgaged property when the mortgagor fails to keep up their mortgage payments.
foreclosure:The action of taking possession of a mortgaged property when the mortgagor fails to keep up their mortgage payments.
forecourt:An open area in front of a large building.
forecourts:An open area in front of a large building or petrol station.
foredeck:The deck at the forward part of a ship.
forefather:A member of the past generations of one's family or people; an ancestor.
forefathers:A member of the past generations of one's family or people; an ancestor.
forefinger:The finger next to the thumb; the first or index finger.
forefingers:The finger next to the thumb; the first or index finger.
forefront:The leading or most important position or place.
foregather:Assemble or gather together.
foregathered:Assemble or gather together.
foregoing:The things just mentioned or stated.
foregone:past participle of forego
foreground:Make (something) the most prominent or important feature.
foregrounded:Make (something) the most prominent or important feature.
foregrounding:Make (something) the most prominent or important feature.
foregrounds:Make (something) the most prominent or important feature.
forehand:(in tennis and other racket sports) a stroke played with the palm of the hand facing in the direction of the stroke.
forehead:The part of the face above the eyebrows.
foreheads:The part of the face above the eyebrows.
foreign:Of, from, in, or characteristic of a country or language other than one's own.
foreigner:A person born in or coming from a country other than one's own.
foreigners:A person born in or coming from a country other than one's own.
foreknowledge:Awareness of something before it happens or exists.
foreland:An area of land bordering on another or lying in front of a particular feature.
foreleg:Either of the front legs of a four-footed animal.
forelegs:Either of the front legs of a four-footed animal.
forelimbs:Either of the front limbs of an animal; a foreleg, wing, flipper, etc.
forelock:A lock of hair growing just above the forehead.
foreman:A worker, especially a man, who supervises and directs other workers.
foremen:A male worker who supervises and directs other workers.
foremost:Before anything else in rank, importance, or position; in the first place.
forensic:Scientific tests or techniques used in connection with the detection of crime.
forepaw:Either of the front paws of a quadruped.
forepaws:Either of the front paws of a four-footed animal.
foreplay:Sexual activity that precedes intercourse.
forerunner:A person or thing that precedes the coming or development of someone or something else.
forerunners:A person or thing that precedes the coming or development of someone or something else.
foresail:The principal sail on a foremast.
foresaw:Be aware of beforehand; predict.
foresee:Be aware of beforehand; predict.
foreseeable:Able to be foreseen or predicted.
foreseeing:Be aware of beforehand; predict.
foreseen:Be aware of beforehand; predict.
foresees:Be aware of beforehand; predict.
foreshadow:Be a warning or indication of (a future event)
foreshadowed:Be a warning or indication of (a future event)
foreshadowing:Be a warning or indication of (a future event)
foreshadows:Be a warning or indication of (a future event)
foreshore:The part of a shore between high- and low-water marks, or between the water and cultivated or developed land.
foreshores:The part of a shore between high- and low-water marks, or between the water and cultivated or developed land.
foreshortened:Portray or show (an object or view) as closer than it is or as having less depth or distance, as an effect of perspective or the angle of vision.
foreshortening:Portray or show (an object or view) as closer than it is or as having less depth or distance, as an effect of perspective or the angle of vision.
foresight:The ability to predict or the action of predicting what will happen or be needed in the future.
foreskin:The retractable roll of skin covering the end of the penis.
foreskins:The retractable roll of skin covering the end of the penis.
forest:A large area covered chiefly with trees and undergrowth.
forestall:Prevent or obstruct (an anticipated event or action) by taking action ahead of time.
forestalled:Prevent or obstruct (an anticipated event or action) by taking advance action.
forestalling:Prevent or obstruct (an anticipated event or action) by taking advance action.
forestalls:Prevent or obstruct (an anticipated event or action) by taking advance action.
forested:Covered with forest.
forester:A person in charge of a forest or skilled in planting, managing, or caring for trees.
foresters:A person in charge of a forest or skilled in planting, managing, or caring for trees.
forestry:The science or practice of planting, managing, and caring for forests.
forests:A large area covered chiefly with trees and undergrowth.
foretaste:A sample or suggestion of something that lies ahead.
foretastes:A sample or suggestion of something that lies ahead.
foretell:Predict (the future or a future event)
foretelling:Predict (the future or a future event)
forethought:Careful consideration of what will be necessary or may happen in the future.
foretold:Predict (the future or a future event)
forever:For all future time; for always.
forewarn:Inform (someone) of a danger or possible problem.
forewarned:Inform (someone) of a possible future danger or problem.
forewarning:An advance warning.
foreword:A short introduction to a book, typically by a person other than the author.
forewords:A short introduction to a book, typically by a person other than the author.
forfeit:Lose or be deprived of (property or a right or privilege) as a penalty for wrongdoing.
forfeited:Lose or be deprived of (property or a right or privilege) as a penalty for wrongdoing.
forfeiting:Lose or be deprived of (property or a right or privilege) as a penalty for wrongdoing.
forfeits:Lose or be deprived of (property or a right or privilege) as a penalty for wrongdoing.
forfeiture:The loss or giving up of something as a penalty for wrongdoing.
forgave:Stop feeling angry or resentful towards (someone) for an offence, flaw, or mistake.
forge:Make or shape (a metal object) by heating it in a fire or furnace and beating or hammering it.
forged:Copied fraudulently; fake.
forger:A person who produces fraudulent copies or imitations.
forgers:A person who produces fraudulent copies or imitations.
forgery:The action of forging or producing a copy of a document, signature, banknote, or work of art.
forges:Make or shape (a metal object) by heating it in a fire or furnace and hammering it.
forget:Fail to remember.
forgetful:Apt or likely not to remember.
forgetfulness:Lapse of memory.
forgets:Fail to remember.
forgettable:Easily forgotten, especially through being uninteresting or mediocre.
forgetting:Fail to remember.
forging:Make or shape (a metal object) by heating it in a fire or furnace and hammering it.
forgivable:Able to be forgiven or tolerated; excusable.
forgive:Stop feeling angry or resentful toward (someone) for an offense, flaw, or mistake.
forgiven:Stop feeling angry or resentful towards (someone) for an offence, flaw, or mistake.
forgiveness:The action or process of forgiving or being forgiven.
forgives:Stop feeling angry or resentful towards (someone) for an offence, flaw, or mistake.
forgiving:Ready and willing to forgive.
forgo:Omit or decline to take (something pleasant or valuable); go without.
forgoing:Go without (something desirable)
forgone:Go without (something desirable)
forgot:Fail to remember.
forgotten:past participle of forget
fork:(especially of a road or other route) divide into two parts.
forked:Having a divided or pronged end or branches; bifurcated.
forking:(especially of a route) divide into two parts.
forks:(especially of a route) divide into two parts.
forlorn:Pitifully sad and abandoned or lonely.
form:Bring together parts or combine to create (something)
formal:An evening gown.
formaldehyde:A colorless pungent gas in solution made by oxidizing methanol.
formalin:A colorless solution of formaldehyde in water, used chiefly as a preservative for biological specimens.
formalise:Give (something) legal or formal status.
formalised:Give (something) legal or formal status.
formalises:Give (something) legal or formal status.
formalising:Give (something) legal or formal status.
formalism:Excessive adherence to prescribed forms.
formalisms:Excessive adherence to prescribed forms.
formalist:A person who adheres excessively to prescribed forms.
formality:The rigid observance of rules of convention or etiquette.
formally:In accordance with the rules of convention or etiquette.
formant:Each of several prominent bands of frequency that determine the phonetic quality of a vowel.
format:(especially in computing) arrange or put into a format.
formation:The action of forming or process of being formed.
formations:The action of forming or process of being formed.
formative:A formative element.
formats:(especially in computing) arrange or put into a format.
formatted:(especially in computing) arrange or put into a format.
formatting:(especially in computing) arrange or put into a format.
formed:Bring together parts or combine to create (something)
former:Having previously filled a particular role or been a particular thing.
formerly:In the past; in earlier times.
formers:Having previously been a particular thing.
formidable:Inspiring fear or respect through being impressively large, powerful, intense, or capable.
forming:Bring together parts or combine to create (something)
formless:Without a clear or definite shape or structure.
forms:Bring together parts or combine to create (something)
formula:A mathematical relationship or rule expressed in symbols.
formulae:A mathematical relationship or rule expressed in symbols.
formulaic:Constituting or containing a verbal formula or set form of words.
formulary:A collection of formulas or set forms, especially for use in religious ceremonies.
formulas:A mathematical relationship or rule expressed in symbols.
formulate:Create or devise methodically (a strategy or a proposal)
formulated:Create or prepare methodically.
formulates:Create or prepare methodically.
formulating:Create or prepare methodically.
formulation:The action of devising or creating something.
fornicate:(of two people not married to each other) have sexual intercourse.
fornicated:Have sexual intercourse with someone one is not married to.
fornicates:Have sexual intercourse with someone one is not married to.
fornicating:Have sexual intercourse with someone one is not married to.
fornication:Sexual intercourse between people not married to each other.
forsake:Abandon (someone or something)
forsaken:Abandoned or deserted.
forsakes:Abandon or leave.
forsaking:Abandon or leave.
forsook:Abandon or leave.
forswear:Agree to give up or do without (something)
forswearing:Agree to give up or do without.
forswore:Agree to give up or do without.
forsworn:Agree to give up or do without.
forsythia:A widely cultivated ornamental Eurasian shrub whose bright yellow flowers appear in early spring before the leaves.
fort:A fortified building or strategic position.
forte:A thing at which someone excels.
forth:Out from a starting point and forward or into view.
forthcoming:Planned for or about to happen in the near future.
forthright:Directly forward.
forthwith:(especially in official use) immediately; without delay.
forties:The number equivalent to the product of four and ten; ten less than fifty; 40.The numbers from forty to forty-nine, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Forty years old.Forty miles an hour.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by forty.The third point won by a player in a game.
fortieth:Constituting number forty in a sequence; 40th.
fortification:A defensive wall or other reinforcement built to strengthen a place against attack.
fortifications:A defensive wall or other reinforcement built to strengthen a place against attack.
fortified:(of a place) provided with defensive works as protection against attack.
fortify:Provide (a place) with defensive works as protection against attack.
fortifying:Provide (a place) with defensive works as protection against attack.
fortissimo:(especially as a direction) very loudly.
fortitude:Courage in pain or adversity.
fortnight:A period of two weeks.
fortnightly:Every two weeks.
fortnights:A period of two weeks.
fortress:A military stronghold, especially a strongly fortified town fit for a large garrison.
fortresses:A military stronghold, especially a strongly fortified town.
forts:A fortified building or strategic position.
fortuitous:Happening by accident or chance rather than design.
fortuitously:By chance rather than intention.
fortunate:Favored by or involving good luck or fortune; lucky.
fortunately:It is fortunate that.
fortune:Chance or luck as an external, arbitrary force affecting human affairs.
fortunes:Chance or luck as an arbitrary force affecting human affairs.
forty:The number equivalent to the product of four and ten; ten less than fifty; 40.The numbers from forty to forty-nine, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Forty years old.Forty miles an hour.The third point won by a player in a game.
forum:A place, meeting, or medium where ideas and views on a particular issue can be exchanged.
forums:A meeting or medium where ideas and views on a particular issue can be exchanged.
forward:An attacking player in basketball, hockey, or other sports.
forwarded:Send (a letter or email) on to a further destination.
forwarder:A person or organization that supervises the dispatch and delivery of goods, especially by making banking and insurance arrangements and completing required documents.
forwarding:Involving sending a letter or email on to a further destination.
forwardness:Boldness or overfamiliarity in manner.
forwards:Send (a letter or email) on to a further destination.
fossa:A shallow depression or hollow.
fossil:The remains or impression of a prehistoric organism preserved in petrified form or as a mold or cast in rock.
fossiliferous:(of a rock or stratum) containing fossils or organic remains.
fossilise:Preserve (an animal or plant) so that it becomes a fossil.
fossilised:Preserved to become a fossil.
fossilising:Preserve (an animal or plant) so that it becomes a fossil.
fossils:The remains or impression of a prehistoric plant or animal embedded in rock and preserved in petrified form.
foster:Encourage or promote the development of (something, typically something regarded as good)
fostered:Encourage the development of (something, especially something desirable)
fostering:Encourage the development of (something, especially something desirable)
fosters:Encourage the development of (something, especially something desirable)
fought:Take part in a violent struggle involving the exchange of physical blows or the use of weapons.
foul:(in sports) an unfair or invalid stroke or piece of play, especially one involving interference with an opponent.
fouled:Make foul or dirty; pollute.
fouler:Make foul or dirty; pollute.
foulest:Make foul or dirty; pollute.
fouling:Make foul or dirty; pollute.
foulmouthed:Using or characterized by a great deal of bad language.
fouls:Make foul or dirty; pollute.
foulup:A problem caused by a stupid mistake.
foulups:A problem caused by a stupid mistake.
found:past and past participle of find
foundation:The lowest load-bearing part of a building, typically below ground level.
foundational:Denoting an underlying basis or principle; fundamental.
foundations:The lowest load-bearing part of a building, typically below ground level.
founded:past and past participle of find
founder:A person who manufactures articles of cast metal; the owner or operator of a foundry.
foundered:A person who manufactures articles of cast metal; the owner or operator of a foundry.
foundering:A person who manufactures articles of cast metal; the owner or operator of a foundry.
founders:A person who manufactures articles of cast metal; the owner or operator of a foundry.
founding:Involved in establishing or originating an institution or organization.
foundling:An infant that has been abandoned by its parents and is discovered and cared for by others.
foundries:A workshop or factory for casting metal.
foundry:A workshop or factory for casting metal.
founds:past and past participle of find
fount:A source of a desirable quality or commodity.
fountain:An ornamental structure in a pool or lake from which one or more jets of water are pumped into the air.
fountains:Spurt or cascade like a fountain.
founts:A source of a desirable quality or commodity.
four:Equivalent to the product of two and two; one more than three, or six less than ten; 4.A group or unit of four people or things.Four years old.Four o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by four.A playing card or domino with four spots or pips.
fourfold:By four times; to four times the number or amount.
fours:A race for four-oared rowing boats.
foursome:A group of four people.
fourteen:Equivalent to the product of seven and two; one more than thirteen, or six less than twenty; 14.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by fourteen.Fourteen years old.
fourteenth:Constituting number fourteen in a sequence; 14th.
fourth:Constituting number four in a sequence; 4th.
fourthly:In the fourth place (used to introduce a fourth point or reason)
fowl:A bird of the order Galliformes that is kept for its eggs and flesh; a rooster or hen.A domesticated bird such as a turkey, duck, or goose kept for its eggs or flesh.The flesh of domesticated birds as food; poultry.
fowls:A bird of the order Galliformes that is kept for its eggs and flesh; a domestic cock or hen.A domesticated bird such as a turkey, duck, or goose kept for its eggs or flesh.The flesh of domesticated birds as food; poultry.
fox:Baffle or deceive (someone)
foxed:(of the paper of old books or prints) discolored with brown spots.
foxes:Baffle or deceive (someone)
foxhole:The den or burrow of a fox.
foxholes:The earth or burrow of a fox.
foxhounds:A dog of a smooth-haired breed with drooping ears, often trained to hunt foxes in packs over long distances.
foxier:Resembling or likened to a fox.
foxiest:Resembling or likened to a fox.
foxing:Discoloration of the paper of old books or prints with brown spots.
foxtrot:A ballroom dance in 4/4 time, with alternation of two slow and two quick steps.
foxtrots:Perform a foxtrot.
foxy:Resembling or likened to a fox.
foyer:An entrance hall or other open area in a building used by the public, especially a hotel or theater.
foyers:An entrance hall or other open area in a building used by the public, especially a hotel or theatre.
fracas:A noisy disturbance or quarrel.
fractal:A curve or geometric figure, each part of which has the same statistical character as the whole. Fractals are useful in modeling structures (such as eroded coastlines or snowflakes) in which similar patterns recur at progressively smaller scales, and in describing partly random or chaotic phenomena such as crystal growth, fluid turbulence, and galaxy formation.
fractals:A curve or geometrical figure, each part of which has the same statistical character as the whole. They are useful in modelling structures (such as snowflakes) in which similar patterns recur at progressively smaller scales, and in describing partly random or chaotic phenomena such as crystal growth and galaxy formation.
fraction:A numerical quantity that is not a whole number (e.g. 1/2, 0.5).
fractional:Relating to or expressed as a numerical value that is not a whole number, especially a fraction less than one.
fractionate:Divide into fractions or components.
fractionated:Divide into fractions or components.
fractionating:Divide into fractions or components.
fractions:A numerical quantity that is not a whole number (e.g. 1/2, 0.5).
fractious:(typically of children) irritable and quarrelsome.
fracture:Break or cause to break.
fractured:(of a bone or hard object) broken; cracked.
fractures:Break or cause to break.
fracturing:Break or cause to break.
fragile:(of an object) easily broken or damaged.
fragility:The quality of being easily broken or damaged.
fragment:Break or cause to break into fragments.
fragmentary:Consisting of small parts that are disconnected or incomplete.
fragmentation:The process or state of breaking or being broken into small or separate parts.
fragmented:Break or cause to break into fragments.
fragmenting:Break or cause to break into fragments.
fragments:Break or cause to break into fragments.
fragrance:A pleasant, sweet smell.
fragrances:A pleasant, sweet smell.
fragrant:Having a pleasant or sweet smell.
frail:A woman.
frailer:A woman.
frailest:A woman.
frailty:The condition of being weak and delicate.
frame:Place (a picture or photograph) in a frame.
framed:(of a picture or similar) held in a frame.
framer:A person who shapes or creates a concept, plan, or system.
framers:A person who shapes or creates a concept, plan, or system.
frames:Place (a picture or photograph) in a frame.
frameup:A conspiracy to incriminate someone falsely.
framework:An essential supporting structure of a building, vehicle, or object.
frameworks:An essential supporting structure of a building, vehicle, or object.
framing:The action of framing something.
franc:The basic monetary unit of Switzerland and several other countries (including France, Belgium, and Luxembourg until the introduction of the euro), equal to 100 centimes.
france:A country in western Europe, on the Atlantic Ocean; population 64,400,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Paris; official language, French.
franchise:Grant a franchise to (an individual or group)
franchised:Grant a franchise to (an individual or group)
franchisee:An individual or company that holds a franchise for the sale of goods or the operation of a service.
franchisees:An individual or company that holds a franchise for the sale of goods or the operation of a service.
franchises:Grant a franchise to (an individual or group)
franchising:Grant a franchise to (an individual or group)
franchisor:An individual or company that sells or grants a franchise for the sale of goods or the operation of a service.
francophone:A person who speaks French.
francs:The basic monetary unit of France, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg, and several other countries, equal to 100 centimes (replaced in France, Belgium, and Luxembourg by the euro in 2002).
frangipani:A tropical American tree or shrub with clusters of fragrant white, pink, or yellow flowers.
frank:Open, honest, and direct in speech or writing, especially when dealing with unpalatable matters.
franked:(of a letter or parcel) stamped with an official mark to indicate that postage has been paid or does not need to be paid.
frankest:Open, honest, and direct in speech or writing, especially when dealing with unpalatable matters.
frankfurter:A seasoned smoked sausage made of beef and pork.
frankincense:An aromatic gum resin obtained from an African tree and burned as incense.
franking:The action of franking a letter or parcel.
frankly:In an open, honest, and direct manner.
frankness:The quality of being open, honest, and direct in speech or writing.
franks:Open, honest, and direct in speech or writing, especially when dealing with unpalatable matters.
frantic:Wild or distraught with fear, anxiety, or other emotion.
frantically:In a distraught way owing to fear, anxiety, or other emotion.
fraternal:Of or like a brother or brothers.
fraternise:Associate or form a friendship with someone, especially when one is not supposed to.
fraternising:Associate or form a friendship with someone, especially when one is not supposed to.
fraternities:A group of people sharing a common profession or interests.
fraternity:A group of people sharing a common profession or interests.
fratricidal:Relating to or denoting conflict within a single family or organization.
fratricide:The killing of one's brother or sister.
fraud:Wrongful or criminal deception intended to result in financial or personal gain.
frauds:Wrongful or criminal deception intended to result in financial or personal gain.
fraudster:A person who commits fraud, especially in business dealings.
fraudsters:A person who commits fraud, especially in business dealings.
fraudulent:Obtained, done by, or involving deception, especially criminal deception.
fraudulently:In a way that involves deception, especially criminal deception.
fraught:(of a situation or course of action) filled with or likely to result in (something undesirable)
fray:(of a fabric, rope, or cord) unravel or become worn at the edge, typically through constant rubbing.
frayed:(of a fabric, rope, or cord) unraveled or worn at the edge.
fraying:(of a fabric, rope, or cord) unravel or become worn at the edge, typically through constant rubbing.
frays:(of a fabric, rope, or cord) unravel or become worn at the edge, typically through constant rubbing.
frazzle:The state of being completely exhausted.
frazzled:Showing the effects of exhaustion or strain.
freak:Behave or cause to behave in a wild and irrational way, typically because of the effects of extreme emotion, mental illness, or drugs.
freaked:Behave or cause to behave in a wild and irrational way, typically because of the effects of extreme emotion or drugs.
freakish:Bizarre or grotesque; abnormal.
freaks:Behave or cause to behave in a wild and irrational way, typically because of the effects of extreme emotion or drugs.
freaky:Very odd, strange, or eccentric.
freckle:Cover or become covered with freckles.
freckled:Covered with freckles.
freckles:Cover or become covered with freckles.
free:Without cost or payment.
freebie:A thing given free of charge.
freebooters:A pirate or lawless adventurer.
freed:Without cost or payment.
freedom:The power or right to act, speak, or think as one wants without hindrance or restraint.
freedoms:The power or right to act, speak, or think as one wants.
freehand:(especially with reference to drawing) without the use of anything to guide the hand.
freehold:Permanent and absolute tenure of land or property with freedom to dispose of it at will.
freeholder:A person who owns the freehold to a piece of land or property.
freeing:Without cost or payment.
freelance:A freelance worker.
freelancer:A person who works freelance.
freelancers:A person who works freelance.
freelances:Earn one's living as a freelance.
freelancing:Earn one's living as a freelance.
freely:Not under the control of another; as one wishes.
freeman:A person who is entitled to full political and civil rights.
freemasonry:The system and institutions of the Freemasons.
freemen:A person who has been given the freedom of a city or borough.
freer:Without cost or payment.
frees:Without cost or payment.
freesia:A small southern African plant of the iris family, with fragrant, colorful, tubular flowers, many varieties of which are cultivated for use by florists.
freesias:A small southern African plant with fragrant, colourful, tubular flowers, many varieties of which are cultivated for the cut-flower trade.
freestanding:Not supported by another structure.
freestyle:A contest in which there are few restrictions, in particular a swimming race in which competitors may use any stroke.
freeway:An express highway, especially one with controlled access.
freewheeling:Characterized by a disregard for rules or conventions; unconstrained or uninhibited.
freewheels:Ride a bicycle with the pedals at rest, especially downhill.
freeze:(of a liquid) be turned into ice or another solid as a result of extreme cold.
freezer:A refrigerated compartment, cabinet, or room for preserving food at very low temperatures.
freezers:A refrigerated cabinet or room for preserving food at very low temperatures.
freezes:(with reference to a liquid) turn or be turned into ice or another solid as a result of extreme cold.
freezing:The freezing point of water.
freight:Transport (goods) in bulk by truck, train, ship, or aircraft.
freighted:Transport (goods) in bulk by truck, train, ship, or aircraft.
freighter:A ship or aircraft designed to carry goods in bulk.
freighters:A large ship or aircraft designed to carry goods in bulk.
freights:Transport (goods) in bulk by truck, train, ship, or aircraft.
french:The Romance language of France, also used in parts of Belgium, Switzerland, and Canada, in several countries of northern and western Africa and the Caribbean, and elsewhere.
frenetic:Fast and energetic in a rather wild and uncontrolled way.
frenzied:Wildly excited or uncontrolled.
frenzies:A state or period of uncontrolled excitement or wild behaviour.
frenzy:A state or period of uncontrolled excitement or wild behavior.
freon:An aerosol propellant, refrigerant, or organic solvent consisting of one or more of a group of chlorofluorocarbons and related compounds.
freons:An aerosol propellant, refrigerant, or organic solvent consisting of one or more of a group of chlorofluorocarbons and related compounds.
frequencies:The rate at which something occurs over a particular period of time or in a given sample.
frequency:The rate at which something occurs or is repeated over a particular period of time or in a given sample.
frequent:Visit (a place) often or habitually.
frequented:(of a place) visited often or habitually.
frequenting:Visit (a place) often.
frequently:Regularly or habitually; often.
frequents:Visit (a place) often.
fresco:Paint in fresco.
fresh:Newly; recently.
freshen:Make (something) newer, cleaner, or more attractive.
freshened:Make (something) newer, cleaner, or more attractive.
freshener:A substance or device that makes something fresher or cleaner.
fresheners:A substance or device that makes something fresher or cleaner.
freshening:Make (something) newer, cleaner, or more attractive.
freshens:Make (something) newer, cleaner, or more attractive.
fresher:A first-year student at university.
freshers:A first-year student at university.
freshest:Newly; recently.
freshly:Newly; recently.
freshman:A first-year student at a university, college, or high school.
freshmen:A first-year student at university.
freshness:(with reference to food) the state of being recently made or obtained or not having decayed.
freshwater:Of or found in fresh water; not of the sea.
fret:Be constantly or visibly worried or anxious.
fretboard:A fretted fingerboard on a guitar or other musical instrument.
fretful:Feeling or expressing distress or irritation.
frets:Be constantly or visibly anxious.
fretsaw:A saw with a narrow blade stretched vertically on a frame, for cutting thin wood in patterns.
fretsaws:A saw with a narrow blade stretched vertically on a frame, for cutting thin wood in patterns.
fretted:(of a stringed instrument) having frets.
fretting:Be constantly or visibly anxious.
fretwork:Ornamental design in wood, typically openwork, done with a fretsaw.
freya:The goddess of love and of the night, sister of Frey. She is often identified with Frigga.
friable:Easily crumbled.
friar:A member of any of certain religious orders of men, especially the four mendicant orders (Augustinians, Carmelites, Dominicans, and Franciscans).
friars:A member of any of certain religious orders of men, especially the four mendicant orders (Augustinians, Carmelites, Dominicans, and Franciscans).
friary:A building or community occupied by or consisting of friars.
fricative:A fricative consonant, e.g. f and th.
fricatives:A fricative consonant, e.g. f and th.
friction:The resistance that one surface or object encounters when moving over another.
frictional:Of or produced by the action of one surface or object rubbing against or moving over another.
frictionless:Not impeded by or creating friction; smooth.
friday:On Friday.
fridays:On Friday.
fridge:A refrigerator.
fridges:A refrigerator.
fried:past and past participle of fry
friend:Add (someone) to a list of contacts associated with a social networking website.
friendless:Having no friends; alone.
friendlier:A game or match that does not form part of a serious competition.
friendlies:A game or match that does not form part of a serious competition.
friendliest:A game or match that does not form part of a serious competition.
friendlily:In a friendly way.
friendliness:The quality of being friendly; affability.
friendly:In a friendly manner.
friends:Add (someone) to a list of friends or contacts on a social networking website.
friendship:The emotions or conduct of friends; the state of being friends.
friers:A large, deep container for frying food.
fries:Cook (food) in hot fat or oil, typically in a shallow pan.
frieze:A broad horizontal band of sculpted or painted decoration, especially on a wall near the ceiling.
friezes:A broad horizontal band of sculpted or painted decoration, especially on a wall near the ceiling.
frigate:A warship with a mixed armament, generally heavier than a destroyer (in the US Navy) and of a kind originally introduced for convoy escort work.
frigates:A warship with a mixed armament, generally lighter than a destroyer (in the US navy, heavier) and of a kind originally introduced for convoy escort work.
fright:Frighten.
frighted:Frighten.
frighten:Make (someone) afraid or anxious.
frightened:Afraid or anxious.
frighteners:A person or thing that frightens someone.
frightening:Making someone afraid or anxious; terrifying.
frighteningly:In a frightening or alarming way.
frightens:Make (someone) afraid or anxious.
frightful:Very unpleasant, serious, or shocking.
frightfully:Very (used for emphasis)
frights:Frighten.
frigid:Very cold in temperature.
frill:A strip of gathered or pleated material sewn by one side onto a garment or larger piece of material as a decorative edging or ornament.
frillier:Decorated with frills.
frilliest:Decorated with frills.
frills:A strip of gathered or pleated material sewn on to a garment or larger piece of material as a decorative edging or ornament.
frilly:Decorated with frills or similar ornamentation.
fringe:Decorate (clothing or material) with a fringe.
fringed:(of clothing or material) having a decorative border of hanging threads.
fringes:Decorate (clothing or material) with a fringe.
fringing:Material used to make a fringe.
frippery:Showy or unnecessary ornament in architecture, dress, or language.
frisk:(of a police officer or other official) pass the hands over (someone) in a search for hidden weapons, drugs, or other items.
frisked:(of a police officer or other official) pass the hands over (someone) in a search for hidden weapons, drugs, or other items.
friskier:Playful and full of energy.
friskiest:Playful and full of energy.
frisking:(of a police officer or other official) pass the hands over (someone) in a search for hidden weapons, drugs, or other items.
frisks:(of a police officer or other official) pass the hands over (someone) in a search for hidden weapons, drugs, or other items.
frisky:Playful and full of energy.
frisson:A sudden strong feeling of excitement or fear; a thrill.
fritter:Waste time, money, or energy on trifling matters.
frittered:Waste time, money, or energy on trifling matters.
frittering:Waste time, money, or energy on trifling matters.
fritters:Waste time, money, or energy on trifling matters.
frivol:Behave in a frivolous way.
frivolity:Lack of seriousness; lightheartedness.
frivolous:Not having any serious purpose or value.
frivols:Behave in a frivolous way.
frizzle:Fry or grill with a sizzling noise.
frizzles:Fry or grill with a sizzling noise.
frizzy:Formed of a mass of small, tight curls or tufts.
fro:From.
frock:Provide with or dress in a frock.
frocks:A woman's or girl's dress.
frog:A tailless amphibian with a short squat body, moist smooth skin, and very long hind legs for leaping.
froggy:A French person.
frogman:A person who swims underwater wearing a rubber suit, flippers, and an oxygen supply.
frogmarched:Force (someone) to walk forward by holding and pinning their arms from behind.
frogmen:A person who swims under water wearing a rubber suit, flippers, and an oxygen supply.
frogs:A tailless amphibian with a short squat body, moist smooth skin, and very long hind legs for leaping.
frolic:(of an animal or person) play and move about cheerfully, excitedly, or energetically.
frolicked:Play or move about in a cheerful and lively way.
frolicking:Play or move about in a cheerful and lively way.
frolics:Play or move about in a cheerful and lively way.
frolicsome:Lively and playful.
from:Indicating the point in space at which a journey, motion, or action starts.
frond:The leaf or leaflike part of a palm, fern, or similar plant.
fronds:The leaf or leaflike part of a palm, fern, or similar plant.
front:The side or part of an object that presents itself to view or that is normally seen or used first; the most forward part of something.
frontage:The facade of a building.
frontages:The facade of a building.
frontal:Of or at the front.
frontals:Of, at, or directed at the front.
fronted:(of a building or piece of land) have the front facing or directed towards.
frontier:A line or border separating two countries.
frontiers:A line or border separating two countries.
frontispiece:An illustration facing the title page of a book.
frontispieces:An illustration facing the title page of a book.
frontline:The military line or part of an army that is closest to the enemy.
fronts:(of a building or piece of land) have the front facing or directed towards.
frost:Cover (something) with or as if with small ice crystals; freeze.
frostbite:Injury to body tissues caused by exposure to extreme cold, typically affecting the nose, fingers, or toes and sometimes resulting in gangrene.
frostbitten:Affected by frostbite from exposure to extreme cold.
frosted:Covered with or as if with frost.
frostier:(of the weather) very cold, with frost forming on surfaces.
frostiest:(of the weather) very cold, with frost forming on surfaces.
frosting:Icing.
frosts:Cover (something) with or as if with frost; freeze.
frosty:(of the weather) very cold, with frost forming on surfaces.
froth:A mass of small bubbles in liquid caused by agitation, fermentation, etc.; foam.
frothed:Form or contain a rising or overflowing mass of small bubbles.
frothier:Full of or covered with a mass of small bubbles.
frothiest:Full of or covered with a mass of small bubbles.
frothing:Form or contain a rising or overflowing mass of small bubbles.
froths:Form or contain a rising or overflowing mass of small bubbles.
frothy:Full of or covered with a mass of small bubbles.
froward:(of a person) difficult to deal with; contrary.
frown:Form an expression of disapproval, displeasure, or concentration, typically by turning down the corners of the mouth.
frowned:Furrow one's brows in an expression indicating disapproval, displeasure, or concentration.
frowning:The action of forming an expression of disapproval, displeasure, or concentration, typically by turning down the corners of the mouth.
frowns:Furrow one's brows in an expression indicating disapproval, displeasure, or concentration.
froze:(with reference to a liquid) turn or be turned into ice or another solid as a result of extreme cold.
frozen:(of a liquid) having turned into ice as a result of extreme cold.
fructose:A hexose sugar found especially in honey and fruit.
frugal:Sparing or economical with regard to money or food.
frugality:The quality of being economical with money or food; thriftiness.
fruit:The sweet and fleshy product of a tree or other plant that contains seed and can be eaten as food.
fruitcake:A cake containing dried fruit and nuts.
fruited:(of a tree or plant) producing fruit, especially of a specified kind.
fruiter:A tree producing fruit at a specified time or in a specified manner.
fruitful:(of a tree, plant, or land) producing much fruit; fertile.
fruitier:(especially of food or drink) resembling or containing fruit.
fruitiest:(especially of food or drink) resembling or containing fruit.
fruiting:The process of a tree or other plant producing fruit.
fruition:The point at which a plan or project is realized.
fruitless:Failing to achieve the desired results; unproductive or useless.
fruits:(of a tree or other plant) produce fruit.
fruity:(especially of food or drink) resembling or containing fruit.
frumps:An unattractive woman who wears dowdy old-fashioned clothes.
frumpy:Dowdy and old-fashioned (typically used of a woman or her clothes)
frustrate:Prevent (a plan or attempted action) from progressing, succeeding, or being fulfilled.
frustrated:Feeling or expressing distress and annoyance, especially because of inability to change or achieve something.
frustrates:Prevent (a plan or attempted action) from progressing, succeeding, or being fulfilled.
frustrating:Causing annoyance or upset because of an inability to change or achieve something.
frustratingly:In a way that causes irritation or frustration.
frustration:The feeling of being upset or annoyed, especially because of inability to change or achieve something.
frustum:The portion of a cone or pyramid which remains after its upper part has been cut off by a plane parallel to its base, or which is intercepted between two such planes.
fry:Cook (food) in hot fat or oil, typically in a shallow pan.
fryer:A large, deep container for frying food.
fryers:A large, deep container for frying food.
frying:Cook (food) in hot fat or oil, typically in a shallow pan.
fuchsia:A shrub with pendulous tubular flowers that are typically of two contrasting colors. They are native to America and New Zealand and are commonly grown as ornamentals.
fuchsias:A shrub with pendulous tubular flowers that are typically of two contrasting colours. They are native to America and New Zealand and are commonly grown as ornamentals.
fuddle:Confuse or stupefy (someone), especially with alcohol.
fuddled:Confused or stupefied, especially as a result of drinking alcohol.
fuddles:Confuse or stupefy (someone), especially with alcohol.
fudge:Present or deal with (something) in a vague, noncommittal, or inadequate way, especially so as to conceal the truth or mislead.
fudged:Present or deal with (something) in a vague or inadequate way, especially so as to conceal the truth or mislead.
fudges:Present or deal with (something) in a vague or inadequate way, especially so as to conceal the truth or mislead.
fudging:Present or deal with (something) in a vague or inadequate way, especially so as to conceal the truth or mislead.
fuel:Supply or power (an industrial plant, vehicle, or machine) with fuel.
fuelled:Supply or power (an industrial plant, vehicle, or machine) with fuel.
fuelling:Supply or power (an industrial plant, vehicle, or machine) with fuel.
fuels:Supply or power (an industrial plant, vehicle, or machine) with fuel.
fug:A warm, stuffy or smoky atmosphere in a room.
fugal:Of the nature of a fugue.
fugitive:A person who has escaped from a place or is in hiding, especially to avoid arrest or persecution.
fugitives:A person who has escaped from captivity or is in hiding.
fugue:A contrapuntal composition in which a short melody or phrase (the subject) is introduced by one part and successively taken up by others and developed by interweaving the parts.
fugues:A contrapuntal composition in which a short melody or phrase (the subject) is introduced by one part and successively taken up by others and developed by interweaving the parts.
fulcrum:The point on which a lever rests or is supported and on which it pivots.
fulfil:Achieve or realize (something desired, promised, or predicted)
fulfilled:Satisfied or happy because of fully developing one's abilities or character.
fulfilling:Making someone satisfied or happy because of fully developing their character or abilities.
fulfilment:The achievement of something desired, promised, or predicted.
fulfils:Achieve or realize (something desired, promised, or predicted)
full:Make (something) full; fill up.
fullback:An offensive player in the backfield.
fullbacks:(in certain team games) a player in a defensive position, playing at the side of the field in soccer and hockey and behind the other backs in rugby.
fuller:A person who fulls cloth.
fullest:Make (something) full; fill up.
fulling:The process of cleaning, shrinking, and felting cloth by heat, pressure, and moisture.
fullish:Somewhat full.
fullness:The state of being filled to capacity.
fulltime:For the whole of the usual working day or week; on a full-time basis.
fully:Completely or entirely; to the furthest extent.
fulminant:(of a disease or symptom) severe and sudden in onset.
fulminate:Express vehement protest.
fulminating:Expressing vehement protest.
fulmination:An expression of vehement protest.
fulminations:An expression of vehement protest.
fulsome:Complimentary or flattering to an excessive degree.
fumarole:An opening in or near a volcano, through which hot sulfurous gases emerge.
fumaroles:An opening in or near a volcano, through which hot sulphurous gases emerge.
fumble:Use the hands clumsily while doing or handling something.
fumbled:Do or handle something clumsily.
fumbles:Do or handle something clumsily.
fumbling:The action of fumbling.
fume:Feel, show, or express great anger.
fumed:Feel, show, or express great anger.
fumes:Feel, show, or express great anger.
fumigate:Disinfect or purify (an area) with the fumes of certain chemicals.
fumigating:Disinfect or purify (an area) with the fumes of certain chemicals.
fumigation:The action or process of disinfecting or purifying an area with the fumes of certain chemicals.
fuming:The process of exposing wood to ammonia fumes in order to produce dark tints.
fun:Joke or tease.
function:An activity or purpose natural to or intended for a person or thing.
functional:Of or having a special activity, purpose, or task; relating to the way in which something works or operates.
functionalism:(in the arts) the doctrine that the design of an object should be determined solely by its function, rather than by aesthetic considerations, and that anything practically designed will be inherently beautiful.
functionality:The quality of being suited to serve a purpose well; practicality.
functionally:In a way that relates to the purpose or use of something.
functionaries:A person who has to perform official functions or duties; an official.
functionary:A person who has to perform official functions or duties; an official.
functioned:Work or operate in a proper or particular way.
functioning:Work or operate in a proper or particular way.
functions:Work or operate in a proper or particular way.
fund:Provide with money for a particular purpose.
fundamental:A central or primary rule or principle on which something is based.
fundamentalism:A form of a religion, especially Islam or Protestant Christianity, that upholds belief in the strict, literal interpretation of scripture.
fundamentalist:A person who believes in the strict, literal interpretation of scripture in a religion.
fundamentalists:A person who believes in the strict, literal interpretation of scripture in a religion.
fundamentally:In central or primary respects.
fundamentals:A central or primary rule or principle on which something is based.
funded:Provide with money for a particular purpose.
fundholding:(in the UK) a former system of state funding for general practitioners, in which a GP was allocated a budget with which they could buy a limited range of hospital services.
funding:Money provided, especially by an organization or government, for a particular purpose.
fundraiser:A person whose job or task is to seek financial support for a charity, institution, or other enterprise.
fundraisers:A person whose job or task is to seek financial support for a charity, cause, or other enterprise.
fundraising:The seeking of financial support for a charity, cause, or other enterprise.
funds:Provide with money for a particular purpose.
funeral:The ceremonies honoring a dead person, typically involving burial or cremation.
funerals:A ceremony or service held shortly after a person's death, usually including the person's burial or cremation.
funerary:Relating to a funeral or the commemoration of the dead.
funereal:Having the mournful, somber character appropriate to a funeral.
funfair:A fair consisting of rides, sideshows, and other amusements.
fungal:Of or caused by a fungus or fungi.
fungi:Any of a group of spore-producing organisms feeding on organic matter, including moulds, yeast, mushrooms, and toadstools.
fungicide:A chemical that destroys fungus.
fungicides:A chemical that destroys fungus.
fungoid:A fungoid plant.
fungous:Resembling, caused by, or having the nature of a fungus.
fungus:Any of a group of spore-producing organisms feeding on organic matter, including molds, yeast, mushrooms, and toadstools.
funguses:Any of a group of spore-producing organisms feeding on organic matter, including moulds, yeast, mushrooms, and toadstools.
funicular:A cable railroad, especially one on a mountainside, in which ascending and descending cars are counterbalanced.
funk:Avoid (a task or thing) out of fear.
funked:Avoid (something) out of fear.
funkier:(of music) having or using a strong dance rhythm, in particular that of funk.
funky:(of music) having or using a strong dance rhythm, in particular that of funk.
funnel:Guide or channel (something) through or as if through a funnel.
funnelled:Guide or channel (something) through or as if through a funnel.
funnelling:Guide or channel (something) through or as if through a funnel.
funnels:Guide or channel (something) through or as if through a funnel.
funnier:Comic strips in newspapers.
funnies:Comic strips in newspapers.
funniest:Comic strips in newspapers.
funnily:In a strange or amusing way.
funny:Comic strips in newspapers.
fur:Coat or clog with a deposit or thick layer.
furbished:Give a fresh look to (something old or shabby); renovate.
furbishing:Give a fresh look to (something old or shabby); renovate.
furies:Wild or violent anger.
furious:Extremely angry.
furiously:In an extremely angry manner.
furled:Neatly and securely rolled or folded up.
furling:Equipment for rolling up sails securely and neatly around their yards or booms.
furlong:An eighth of a mile, 220 yards.
furlongs:An eighth of a mile, 220 yards.
furlough:Suspend or discharge (a worker) from a job, especially temporarily, on account of economic conditions or shortage of work.
furls:Roll or fold up (something) neatly and securely.
furnace:An enclosed structure in which material can be heated to very high temperatures, e.g. for smelting metals.
furnaces:An enclosed structure in which material can be heated to very high temperatures, e.g. for smelting metals.
furnish:Provide (a house or room) with furniture and fittings.
furnished:(of accommodations) available to be rented with furniture.
furnishers:A person who supplies furniture.
furnishes:Provide (a house or room) with furniture and fittings.
furnishing:Furniture, fittings, and other decorative accessories, such as curtains and carpets, for a house or room.
furnishings:Furniture, fittings, and other decorative accessories such as curtains and carpets, for a house or room.
furniture:Large movable equipment, such as tables and chairs, used to make a house, office, or other space suitable for living or working.
furore:An outbreak of public anger or excitement.
furores:An outbreak of public anger or excitement.
furred:(of an animal) having fur.
furrier:A person who prepares or deals in furs.
furriers:A person who prepares or deals in furs.
furriest:An enthusiast for animal characters with human characteristics, in particular a person who dresses up in costume as such a character or uses one as an avatar online.
furring:Coat or clog with a deposit or thick layer.
furrow:Make a rut, groove, or trail in (the ground or the surface of something)
furrowed:(of land or earth) covered in long, narrow trenches formed by plowing.
furrows:Make a rut, groove, or trail in (the ground or the surface of something)
furry:An enthusiast for animal characters with human characteristics, in particular a person who dresses up in costume as such a character or uses one as an avatar online.
furs:Coat or clog with a deposit or thick layer.
further:At, to, or by a greater distance (used to indicate the extent to which one thing or person is or becomes distant from another).
furtherance:The advancement of a plan or interest.
furthered:At, to, or by a greater distance (used to indicate the extent to which one thing or person is or becomes distant from another).
furthering:At, to, or by a greater distance (used to indicate the extent to which one thing or person is or becomes distant from another).
furthermore:In addition; besides (used to introduce a fresh consideration in an argument)
furthers:At, to, or by a greater distance (used to indicate the extent to which one thing or person is or becomes distant from another).
furthest:At or by the greatest distance (used to indicate how far one thing or person is or becomes distant from another)
furtive:Attempting to avoid notice or attention, typically because of guilt or a belief that discovery would lead to trouble; secretive.
furtively:In a way that attempts to avoid notice or attention; secretively.
fury:Wild or violent anger.
fuse:Join or blend to form a single entity.
fused:Joined or blended to form a single entity.
fuselage:The main body of an aircraft.
fuses:Join or blend to form a single entity.
fusible:Able to be fused or melted easily.
fusilier:A member of any of several British regiments formerly armed with fusils.
fusiliers:A member of any of several British regiments formerly armed with fusils.
fusillade:Attack (a place) or shoot down (someone) by a series of shots fired at the same time or in quick succession.
fusing:Join or blend to form a single entity.
fusion:The process or result of joining two or more things together to form a single entity.
fusions:The process or result of joining two or more things together to form a single entity.
fuss:A display of unnecessary or excessive excitement, activity, or interest.
fussed:(of a person) feeling concern, distress, or annoyance; having strong feelings about something.
fusses:Show unnecessary or excessive concern about something.
fussier:Fastidious about one's needs or requirements; hard to please.
fussiest:Fastidious about one's needs or requirements; hard to please.
fussing:Show unnecessary or excessive concern about something.
fussy:(of a person) fastidious about one's needs or requirements; hard to please.
fustian:Thick, durable twilled cloth with a short nap, usually dyed in dark colors.
fusty:Smelling stale, damp, or stuffy.
futile:Incapable of producing any useful result; pointless.
futility:Pointlessness or uselessness.
futon:A Japanese quilted mattress rolled out on the floor for use as a bed.
future:The time or a period of time following the moment of speaking or writing; time regarded as still to come.
futures:A period of time following the moment of speaking or writing; time regarded as still to come.
futurism:Concern with events and trends of the future, or which anticipate the future.
futurist:An adherent of Futurism.
futuristic:Having or involving very modern technology or design.
futurists:An adherent of Futurism.
futurity:The future time.
fuzz:Make or become blurred or indistinct.
fuzzed:(of popular music or electric instruments) having or producing a distorted buzzing tone.
fuzzes:Make or become blurred or indistinct.
fuzzier:Having a frizzy texture or appearance.
fuzziest:Having a frizzy texture or appearance.
fuzzy:Having a frizzy, fluffy, or frayed texture or appearance.
gab:Talk at length, typically about trivial matters.
gabble:Talk rapidly and unintelligibly; utter meaningless sounds.
gabbled:Talk rapidly and unintelligibly.
gabbles:Talk rapidly and unintelligibly.
gabbling:Talk rapidly and unintelligibly.
gaberdine:A smooth, durable twill-woven worsted or cotton cloth.
gable:The part of a wall that encloses the end of a pitched roof.
gables:The triangular upper part of a wall at the end of a ridged roof.
gabon:A country in West Africa, on the Atlantic coast; population 1,700,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Libreville; languages, French (official) and West African languages. Gabon became a French territory in 1888. Part of French Equatorial Africa from 1910 to 1958, it declared independence in 1960.
gad:Go around from one place to another, in the pursuit of pleasure or entertainment.
gadded:Go from place to place in the pursuit of pleasure.
gadding:Go from place to place in the pursuit of pleasure.
gadfly:A fly that bites livestock, especially a horsefly, warble fly, or botfly.
gadget:A small mechanical or electronic device or tool, especially an ingenious or novel one.
gadgetry:Small mechanical or electronic devices or tools, especially ingenious or novel ones.
gadgets:A small mechanical or electronic device or tool, especially an ingenious or novel one.
gaff:Seize or impale with a gaff.
gaffe:An unintentional act or remark causing embarrassment to its originator; a blunder.
gaffes:An unintentional act or remark causing embarrassment to its originator; a blunder.
gag:Put a gag on (someone)
gaga:No longer in possession of all one's mental faculties, especially on account of old age.
gage:Offer (a thing or one's life) as a guarantee of good faith.
gagged:Put a gag on (someone)
gagging:Characteristic of choking or retching.
gaggle:A flock of geese.
gaging:Offer (an object or one's life) as a guarantee of good faith.
gags:Put a gag on (someone)
gagster:another term for gagman
gaiety:The state or quality of being lighthearted or cheerful.
gaijin:(in Japan) a foreigner.
gaily:In a cheerful or lighthearted way.
gain:Obtain or secure (something desired, favorable, or profitable)
gained:Obtain or secure (something wanted or desirable)
gainful:Serving to increase wealth or resources; providing money or other benefit.
gainfully:In a way that serves to increase wealth or resources.
gaining:Obtain or secure (something wanted or desirable)
gainly:Graceful and well-proportioned.
gains:Obtain or secure (something wanted or desirable)
gainsay:Deny or contradict (a fact or statement)
gainsaying:Deny or contradict (a fact or statement)
gait:A person's manner of walking.
gaiter:A garment similar to leggings, worn to cover or protect the ankle and lower leg.
gaiters:A protective covering of cloth or leather for the ankle and lower leg.
gaits:A person's manner of walking.
gal:A girl or young woman.
gala:A social occasion with special entertainments or performances.
galactic:Relating to a galaxy or galaxies, especially the Milky Way galaxy.
galas:A social occasion with special entertainments or performances.
galaxies:A system of millions or billions of stars, together with gas and dust, held together by gravitational attraction.
galaxy:A system of millions or billions of stars, together with gas and dust, held together by gravitational attraction.
gale:A very strong wind.
galena:A bluish, gray, or black mineral of metallic appearance, consisting of lead sulfide. It is the chief ore of lead.
gales:A very strong wind.
galilean:Relating to Galileo or his methods.
galileo:An American space probe to Jupiter, launched in 1989. It reached the vicinity of Jupiter in 1995 and released a probe which descended into Jupiter's atmosphere.
gall:Bold and impudent behavior.
gallant:(of a man) flirt with (a woman)
gallantly:In a brave or heroic manner.
gallantry:Courageous behavior, especially in battle.
gallants:(of a man) flirt with (a woman)
galled:Bold and impudent behaviour.
galleon:A sailing ship in use (especially by Spain) from the 15th through 17th centuries, originally as a warship, later for trade. Galleons were mainly square-rigged and usually had three or more decks and masts.
galleons:A sailing ship in use (especially by Spain) from the 15th to the 18th centuries, originally as a warship, later for trade. Galleons were typically square-rigged and had three or more decks and masts.
galleries:A room or building for the display or sale of works of art.
gallery:A room or building for the display or sale of works of art.
galley:A low, flat ship with one or more sails and up to three banks of oars, chiefly used for warfare, trade, and piracy.
galleys:A low, flat ship with one or more sails and up to three banks of oars, chiefly used for warfare or piracy and often manned by slaves or criminals.
gallic:French or typically French.
galling:Annoying; humiliating.
gallium:The chemical element of atomic number 31, a soft silvery-white metal which melts at about 30°C, just above room temperature.
gallivanted:Go around from one place to another in the pursuit of pleasure or entertainment.
gallivanting:Go around from one place to another in the pursuit of pleasure or entertainment.
gallon:A unit of liquid capacity equal to 3.79 liters.
gallons:A unit of liquid or dry capacity equal to eight pints or 4.55 litres.A unit of liquid capacity equal to 3.79 litres.
gallop:(of a horse) go at the pace of a gallop.
galloped:(of a horse) go at the pace of a gallop.
galloping:(of a horse) going at the pace of a gallop.
gallops:(of a horse) go at the pace of a gallop.
gallows:A structure, typically of two uprights and a crosspiece, for the hanging of criminals.
galls:Bold and impudent behaviour.
gallstones:A small, hard crystalline mass formed abnormally in the gall bladder or bile ducts from bile pigments, cholesterol, and calcium salts. Gallstones can cause severe pain and blockage of the bile duct.
galop:A lively ballroom dance in duple time, popular in the late 18th century.
galore:In abundance.
galoshes:A waterproof overshoe, typically made of rubber.
gals:A girl or young woman.
galvanic:Relating to or involving electric currents produced by chemical action.
galvanise:Shock or excite (someone) into taking action.
galvanised:(of iron or steel) coated with a protective layer of zinc.
galvanising:Shock or excite (someone) into taking action.
galvanometer:An instrument for detecting and measuring small electric currents.
gambia:A country on the coast of West Africa; population 2,000,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Banjul; languages, English (official), Malinke and other indigenous languages, and Creole.
gambian:A native or inhabitant of Gambia.
gambit:A device, action, or opening remark, typically one entailing a degree of risk, that is calculated to gain an advantage.
gambits:An act or remark that is calculated to gain an advantage, especially at the outset of a situation.
gamble:Play games of chance for money; bet.
gambled:Play games of chance for money; bet.
gambler:A person who gambles.
gamblers:A person who gambles.
gambles:Play games of chance for money; bet.
gambling:Play games of chance for money; bet.
gambol:Run or jump about playfully.
gambolling:Run or jump about playfully.
gambols:Run or jump about playfully.
game:Manipulate (a situation), typically in a way that is unfair or unscrupulous.
gamed:Manipulate (a situation), typically in a way that is unfair or unscrupulous.
gamekeeper:A person employed to breed and protect game, typically for a large estate.
gamekeepers:A person employed to breed and protect game, typically for a large estate.
gamely:In a brave, spirited way.
gamers:A person who plays video games or participates in role-playing games.
games:Manipulate (a situation), typically in a way that is unfair or unscrupulous.
gamesmanship:The art of winning games by using various ploys and tactics to gain a psychological advantage.
gamete:A mature haploid male or female germ cell which is able to unite with another of the opposite sex in sexual reproduction to form a zygote.
gametes:A mature haploid male or female germ cell which is able to unite with another of the opposite sex in sexual reproduction to form a zygote.
gaming:The action or practice of playing gambling games.
gamma:The third letter of the Greek alphabet (Γ, γ), transliterated as ‘g.’.
gammon:Ham that has been cured or smoked like bacon.
gamut:The complete range or scope of something.
gamy:(of meat) having the strong flavor or smell of game, especially when it is slightly tainted.
gander:A male goose.
ganders:Look or glance at something.
gang:(of a number of people) form a group or gang.
ganged:(of a number of people) form a group or gang.
ganger:The foreman of a gang of laborers.
gangers:The foreman of a gang of labourers.
ganges:A river in northern India and Bangladesh that rises in the Himalayas and flows southwest for about 1,678 miles (2,700 km) to the Bay of Bengal, where it forms the world's largest delta. The river is regarded by Hindus as sacred.
ganging:(of a number of people) form a group or gang.
gangland:The world of criminal gangs.
ganglia:A structure containing a number of nerve cell bodies, typically linked by synapses, and often forming a swelling on a nerve fibre.
gangling:(of a person) tall, thin, and awkward in movements or bearing.
ganglion:A structure containing a number of nerve cell bodies, typically linked by synapses, and often forming a swelling on a nerve fiber.
gangplank:A movable plank used as a ramp to board or disembark from a ship or boat.
gangrene:Localized death and decomposition of body tissue, resulting from either obstructed circulation or bacterial infection.
gangs:(of a number of people) form a group or gang.
gangster:A member of a gang of violent criminals.
gangsters:A member of a gang of violent criminals.
gangway:A raised platform or walkway providing a passage.
gangways:A raised platform or walkway providing a passage.
gannet:A large seabird with mainly white plumage, known for catching fish by plunge-diving.
gannets:A large seabird with mainly white plumage, which catches fish by plunging into the water.
gantries:A bridge-like overhead structure with a platform supporting equipment such as a crane, signals, or cameras.
gantry:A bridge-like overhead structure with a platform supporting equipment such as a crane, railroad signals, lights, or cameras.
gaol:Put (someone) in jail.
gaoled:Put (someone) in jail.
gaoler:A person in charge of a jail or of the prisoners in it.
gaolers:A person in charge of a jail or of the prisoners in it.
gaols:Put (someone) in jail.
gap:A break or hole in an object or between two objects.
gape:Be or become wide open.
gaped:Be or become wide open.
gapes:Be or become wide open.
gaping:(of a hole, wound, etc.) wide open.
gaps:A break or hole in an object or between two objects.
garage:Put or keep (a motor vehicle) in a garage.
garaged:Put or keep (a motor vehicle) in a garage.
garages:Put or keep (a motor vehicle) in a garage.
garb:Dress in distinctive clothes.
garbage:Wasted or spoiled food and other refuse, as from a kitchen or household.
garbed:Dress in distinctive clothes.
garble:Reproduce (a message, sound, or transmission) in a confused and distorted way.
garbled:(of a message, sound, or transmission) confused and distorted; unclear.
garbles:Reproduce (a message, sound, or transmission) in a confused and distorted way.
garbling:Reproduce (a message, sound, or transmission) in a confused and distorted way.
garbs:Dress in distinctive clothes.
garden:A small piece of ground used to grow vegetables, fruit, herbs, or flowers.
gardener:A person who tends and cultivates a garden as a pastime or for a living.
gardeners:A person who tends and cultivates a garden as a pastime or for a living.
gardening:The activity of tending and cultivating a garden, especially as a pastime.
gardens:Cultivate or work in a garden.
gargantuan:Enormous.
gargle:Wash one's mouth and throat with a liquid kept in motion by exhaling through it.
gargled:Wash one's mouth and throat with a liquid that is kept in motion by breathing through it with a gurgling sound.
gargles:Wash one's mouth and throat with a liquid that is kept in motion by breathing through it with a gurgling sound.
gargling:Wash one's mouth and throat with a liquid that is kept in motion by breathing through it with a gurgling sound.
gargoyle:A grotesque carved human or animal face or figure projecting from the gutter of a building, typically acting as a spout to carry water clear of a wall.
gargoyles:A grotesque carved human or animal face or figure projecting from the gutter of a building, typically acting as a spout to carry water clear of a wall.
garish:Obtrusively bright and showy; lurid.
garland:Adorn or crown with a garland.
garlanded:Decorate with a garland.
garlands:Decorate with a garland.
garlic:A strong-smelling pungent-tasting bulb, used as a flavoring in cooking and in herbal medicine.
garment:An item of clothing.
garments:An item of clothing.
garner:Gather or collect (something, especially information or approval)
garnered:Gather or collect (something, especially information or approval)
garnering:Gather or collect (something, especially information or approval)
garnet:A precious stone consisting of a deep red vitreous silicate mineral.
garnets:A precious stone consisting of a deep red vitreous silicate mineral.
garnish:Decorate or embellish (something, especially food)
garnished:Decorate or embellish (something, especially food)
garnishing:Decorate or embellish (something, especially food)
garotte:Kill (someone) by strangulation, especially with a length of wire or cord.
garotted:Kill (someone) by strangulation, especially with a length of wire or cord.
garottes:Kill (someone) by strangulation, especially with a length of wire or cord.
garotting:Kill (someone) by strangulation, especially with a length of wire or cord.
garret:A top-floor or attic room, especially a small dismal one (traditionally inhabited by an artist)
garrets:A top-floor or attic room, especially a small dismal one.
garrison:Provide (a place) with a body of troops.
garrisoned:Provide (a place) with a group of troops.
garrisons:Provide (a place) with a group of troops.
garrotte:Kill (someone) by strangulation, especially with a length of wire or cord.
garrotted:Kill (someone) by strangulation, especially with a length of wire or cord.
garrottes:Kill (someone) by strangulation, especially with a length of wire or cord.
garrotting:Kill (someone) by strangulation, especially with a length of wire or cord.
garrulous:Excessively talkative, especially on trivial matters.
garter:A band worn around the leg to keep up a stocking or sock.
garters:A band worn around the leg to keep a stocking or sock up.
gas:Kill or harm by exposure to poisonous gas.
gaseous:Relating to or having the characteristics of a gas.
gases:Kill or harm by exposure to gas.
gash:Make a gash in; cut deeply.
gashed:Make a long, deep cut in.
gashes:Make a long, deep cut in.
gashing:Make a long, deep cut in.
gasify:Convert (a solid or liquid, especially coal) into gas.
gasket:A shaped piece or ring of rubber or other material sealing the junction between two surfaces in an engine or other device.
gaskets:A shaped sheet or ring of rubber or other material sealing the junction between two surfaces in an engine or other device.
gaslight:Manipulate (someone) by psychological means into questioning their own sanity.
gasometer:A tank for storing and measuring gas.
gasp:Inhale suddenly with the mouth open, out of pain or astonishment.
gasped:Catch one's breath with an open mouth, owing to pain or astonishment.
gasper:A cigarette.
gasping:Catch one's breath with an open mouth, owing to pain or astonishment.
gasps:Catch one's breath with an open mouth, owing to pain or astonishment.
gassed:Kill or harm by exposure to gas.
gasses:Kill or harm by exposure to gas.
gassier:Resembling or full of gas.
gassiest:Resembling or full of gas.
gassing:Kill or harm by exposure to gas.
gassy:Of, like, or full of gas.
gastrectomy:Surgical removal of a part or the whole of the stomach.
gastric:Of the stomach.
gastritis:Inflammation of the lining of the stomach.
gastroenteritis:Inflammation of the stomach and intestines, typically resulting from bacterial toxins or viral infection and causing vomiting and diarrhea.
gastrointestinal:Relating to the stomach and the intestines.
gastronomic:Relating to the practice of cooking or eating good food.
gastronomy:The practice or art of choosing, cooking, and eating good food.
gastropod:A mollusk of the large class Gastropoda, such as a snail, slug, or whelk.
gastropods:A mollusc of the large class Gastropoda, such as a snail, slug, or whelk.
gasworks:A place where gas is manufactured and processed.
gate:Confine (a student) to school or college.
gateau:A rich cake, typically one containing layers of cream or fruit.
gateaus:A rich cake, typically one containing layers of cream or fruit.
gateaux:A rich cake, typically one containing layers of cream or fruit.
gatecrash:Enter (a party or other gathering) without an invitation or ticket.
gatecrashed:Enter (a party or other gathering) without an invitation or ticket.
gatecrashing:Enter (a party or other gathering) without an invitation or ticket.
gated:Having gates to control the movement of traffic, people, or animals.
gatehouse:A house or enclosure near a gateway.
gatehouses:A house standing by a gateway, especially on a country estate.
gatekeeper:An attendant at a gate who is employed to control who goes through it.
gatekeepers:An attendant employed to control who goes through a gate.A person or thing that controls access to something.
gatepost:A post on which a gate is hinged, or against which it shuts.
gateposts:A post on which a gate is hinged, or against which it shuts.
gates:Confine (a pupil or student) to school or college.
gateway:An opening that can be closed by a gate.
gateways:An opening that can be closed by a gate.
gather:Come together; assemble or accumulate.
gathered:Come together; assemble or accumulate.
gatherer:A person who collects or gathers things from numerous places.
gathering:An assembly or meeting, especially a social or festive one or one held for a specific purpose.
gatherings:An assembly or meeting, especially one held for a specific purpose.
gathers:Come together; assemble or accumulate.
gating:Confine (a pupil or student) to school or college.
gauche:Lacking ease or grace; unsophisticated and socially awkward.
gaucherie:Awkward, embarrassing, or unsophisticated ways.
gaud:A showy and purely ornamental thing.
gaudiest:Extravagantly bright or showy, typically so as to be tasteless.
gaudy:Extravagantly bright or showy, typically so as to be tasteless.
gauge:Estimate or determine the magnitude, amount, or volume of.
gauged:Estimate or determine the amount, level, or volume of.
gauges:Estimate or determine the amount, level, or volume of.
gauging:Estimate or determine the amount, level, or volume of.
gaul:An ancient region of Europe, corresponding to modern France, Belgium, the southern Netherlands, southwestern Germany, and northern Italy. The area south of the Alps was conquered in 222 BC by the Romans, who called it Cisalpine Gaul. The area north of the Alps, known as Transalpine Gaul, was taken by Julius Caesar between 58 and 51 BC.
gauls:An ancient region of Europe, corresponding to modern France, Belgium, the southern Netherlands, south-western Germany, and northern Italy. The area south of the Alps was conquered in 222 BC by the Romans, who called it Cisalpine Gaul. The area north of the Alps, known as Transalpine Gaul, was taken by Julius Caesar between 58 and 51 BC.
gaunt:(of a person) lean and haggard, especially because of suffering, hunger, or age.
gaunter:(of a person) lean and haggard, especially because of suffering, hunger, or age.
gauntlet:A stout glove with a long loose wrist.
gauntlets:A strong glove with a long, loose wrist.
gauze:A thin translucent fabric of silk, linen, or cotton.
gave:Freely transfer the possession of (something) to (someone)
gavel:Bring (a hearing or person) to order by use of a gavel.
gavotte:A medium-paced French dance, popular in the 18th century.
gawk:Stare openly and stupidly.
gawking:Stare openly and stupidly.
gawky:Nervously awkward and ungainly.
gay:A homosexual person (typically referring to a man)
gayest:A homosexual person (typically referring to a man)
gays:A homosexual person (typically referring to a man)
gaze:Look steadily and intently, especially in admiration, surprise, or thought.
gazebo:A roofed structure that offers an open view of the surrounding area, typically used for relaxation or entertainment.
gazed:Look steadily and intently, especially in admiration, surprise, or thought.
gazelle:A small slender antelope that typically has curved horns and a yellowish-brown coat with white underparts, found in open country in Africa and Asia.
gazelles:A small, slender antelope that typically has curved horns and a fawn-coloured coat with white underparts, found in open country in Africa and Asia.
gazes:Look steadily and intently, especially in admiration, surprise, or thought.
gazette:Announce or publish (something) in an official gazette.
gazetteer:A geographical index or dictionary.
gazettes:Announce or publish (something) in an official gazette.
gazing:Look steadily and intently, especially in admiration, surprise, or thought.
gear:Prepare, adjust, or equip for a particular purpose or need.
gearbox:A set of gears with its casing, especially in a motor vehicle; the transmission.
gearboxes:A set of gears with its casing, especially in a motor vehicle; the transmission.
geared:Fitted with gears.
gearing:The set or arrangement of gears in a machine.
gears:Prepare, adjust, or equip for a particular purpose or need.
gearstick:A lever used to engage or change gear in a motor vehicle.
gecko:A nocturnal and often highly vocal lizard which has adhesive pads on the feet to assist in climbing on smooth surfaces. It is widespread in warm regions.
geek:An unfashionable or socially inept person.
geeks:Engage in or discuss computer-related tasks obsessively or with great attention to technical detail.
geese:Poke (someone) in the bottom.
geezer:An old man.
geisha:A Japanese hostess trained to entertain men with conversation, dance, and song.
geishas:A Japanese hostess trained to entertain men with conversation, dance, and song.
gel:A a thick, clear, slightly sticky substance, especially one used in cosmetic or medicinal products.
gelatin:A virtually colorless and tasteless water-soluble protein prepared from collagen and used in food preparation as the basis of jellies, in photographic processes, and in glue.
gelatine:A virtually colourless and tasteless water-soluble protein prepared from collagen and used in food preparation, in photographic processes, and in glue.
gelatinous:Having the consistency of jelly.
gelding:A castrated animal, especially a male horse.
geldings:A castrated animal, especially a male horse.
gelignite:A high explosive made from a gel of nitroglycerine and nitrocellulose in a base of wood pulp and sodium or potassium nitrate, used particularly for rock blasting.
gelled:(of a liquid or semi-liquid substance) set or become more solid.
gels:(of a liquid or semi-liquid substance) set or become more solid.
gem:Decorate with or as with gems.
gemini:A northern constellation (the Twins), said to represent the mythological twins Castor and Pollux, whose names are given to its two brightest stars.
gemmed:Decorated with or as with gems.
gems:Decorate with or as with gems.
gemsbok:A large antelope that has a gray coat, distinctive black-and-white head markings, and long straight horns, native to southwestern and East Africa.
gemstone:A precious or semiprecious stone, especially one cut, polished, and used in a piece of jewelry.
gemstones:A precious or semi-precious stone, especially one cut, polished, and used in a piece of jewellery.
gen:Information.
gender:Either of the two sexes (male and female), especially when considered with reference to social and cultural differences rather than biological ones. The term is also used more broadly to denote a range of identities that do not correspond to established ideas of male and female.
gendered:Relating or specific to people of one particular gender.
genders:Either of the two sexes (male and female), especially when considered with reference to social and cultural differences rather than biological ones. The term is also used more broadly to denote a range of identities that do not correspond to established ideas of male and female.
gene:(in informal use) a unit of heredity which is transferred from a parent to offspring and is held to determine some characteristic of the offspring.
genealogical:Relating to the study or tracing of lines of family descent.
genealogies:A line of descent traced continuously from an ancestor.
genealogist:A person who traces or studies lines of family descent.
genealogy:A line of descent traced continuously from an ancestor.
genera:A principal taxonomic category that ranks above species and below family, and is denoted by a capitalized Latin name, e.g. Leo.
general:A commander of an army, or an army officer of very high rank.
generalisable:Able to be made more widely or generally applicable.
generalisation:A general statement or concept obtained by inference from specific cases.
generalisations:A general statement or concept obtained by inference from specific cases.
generalise:Make a general or broad statement by inferring from specific cases.
generalised:Used or applied generally; not specific or specialized.
generalises:Make a general or broad statement by inferring from specific cases.
generalising:Make a general or broad statement by inferring from specific cases.
generalist:A person competent in several different fields or activities.
generalists:A person competent in several different fields or activities.
generalities:A statement or principle having general rather than specific validity or force.
generality:A statement or principle having general rather than specific validity or force.
generally:In most cases; usually.
generals:A commander of an army, or an army officer of very high rank.
generalship:The skill or practice of exercising military command.
generate:Cause (something, especially an emotion or situation) to arise or come about.
generated:Produce or create.
generates:Produce or create.
generating:Produce or create.
generation:All of the people born and living at about the same time, regarded collectively.
generational:Relating to or characteristic of all the people born and living at about the same time, regarded collectively.
generations:All of the people born and living at about the same time, regarded collectively.
generative:Relating to or capable of production or reproduction.
generator:A person or thing that generates something.
generators:A person or thing that generates something.
generic:A consumer product having no brand name or registered trademark.
generically:In a way that relates to a class or group of similar things; not specifically.
generosity:The quality of being kind and generous.
generous:(of a person) showing a readiness to give more of something, as money or time, than is strictly necessary or expected.
generously:In a way that shows a readiness to give more of something, especially money, than is necessary or expected.
genes:(in informal use) a unit of heredity which is transferred from a parent to offspring and is held to determine some characteristic of the offspring.
genesis:The origin or mode of formation of something.
genetic:Relating to genes or heredity.
genetically:In a way that relates to genes or genetics.
geneticist:An expert in or student of heredity and the variation of inherited characteristics.
geneticists:An expert in or student of heredity and the variation of inherited characteristics.
genetics:The study of heredity and the variation of inherited characteristics.
genets:A nocturnal, catlike mammal of the civet family with short legs, spotted fur, and a long bushy ringed tail, found in Africa, south-western Europe, and Arabia.
geneva:A city in southwestern Switzerland, on Lake Geneva; population 179,971 (2007). It is the headquarters of international bodies such as the Red Cross, various organizations of the United Nations, and the World Health Organization.
genial:Friendly and cheerful.
geniality:The quality of having a friendly and cheerful manner.
genie:A spirit of Arabian folklore, frequently depicted as being imprisoned within a bottle or oil lamp and as being capable of granting wishes when summoned.
genii:plural form of genie, genius
genital:A person or animal's external organs of reproduction.
genitalia:The genitals.
genitals:A person's or animal's external organs of reproduction.
genitive:A word in the genitive case.
genitives:A word in the genitive case.
genius:Exceptional intellectual or creative power or other natural ability.
geniuses:Exceptional intellectual or creative power or other natural ability.
genoa:A large jib or foresail whose foot extends aft of the mast, used especially on racing yachts.
genocidal:Relating to or involving the deliberate killing of a large number of people from a particular nation or ethnic group with the aim of destroying that nation or group.
genocide:The deliberate killing of a large number of people from a particular nation or ethnic group with the aim of destroying that nation or group.
genome:The haploid set of chromosomes in a gamete or microorganism, or in each cell of a multicellular organism.
genomes:The haploid set of chromosomes in a gamete or microorganism, or in each cell of a multicellular organism.
genomic:Relating to the haploid set of chromosomes in a gamete or microorganism, or the complete set of genes in a cell or organism.
genotype:Investigate the genetic constitution of (an individual organism)
genotypes:Investigate the genetic constitution of (an individual organism)
genre:A category of artistic composition, as in music or literature, characterized by similarities in form, style, or subject matter.
genres:A style or category of art, music, or literature.
gent:A gentleman.
genteel:Polite, refined, or respectable, often in an affected or ostentatious way.
gentians:A plant of temperate and mountainous regions, which typically has violet or vivid blue trumpet-shaped flowers. Many kinds are cultivated as ornamentals, especially as arctic alpines, and some are of medicinal use.
gentile:A person who is not Jewish.
gentiles:A person who is not Jewish.
gentility:Social superiority as demonstrated by genteel manners, behavior, or appearances.
gentle:Make or become gentle; calm or pacify.
gentlefolk:People of high social position.
gentleman:A chivalrous, courteous, or honorable man.
gentlemanly:Chivalrous, courteous, or honorable.
gentlemen:A chivalrous, courteous, or honourable man.
gentleness:The quality of being kind, tender, or mild-mannered.
gentler:Make or become gentle.
gentlest:Make or become gentle.
gentling:Make or become gentle.
gently:With a mild, kind, or tender manner.
gentrification:The process whereby the character of a poor urban area is changed by wealthier people moving in, improving housing, and attracting new businesses, typically displacing current inhabitants in the process.
gentrified:(of a formerly poor urban area) changed in character by wealthier people moving in, improving housing, and attracting new businesses, typically displacing current inhabitants in the process.
gentrifying:Change the character of (a poor urban area) through wealthier people moving in, improving housing, and attracting new businesses, often displacing current inhabitants in the process.
gentry:People of good social position, specifically (in the UK) the class of people next below the nobility in position and birth.
gents:A gentleman.
genuflect:Lower one's body briefly by bending one knee to the ground, typically in worship or as a sign of respect.
genuine:Truly what something is said to be; authentic.
genuinely:In a truthful way.
genuineness:The quality of truly being what something is said to be; authenticity.
genus:A principal taxonomic category that ranks above species and below family, and is denoted by a capitalized Latin name, e.g. Leo.
geocentric:Having or representing the earth as the center, as in former astronomical systems.
geochemical:Relating to the chemical composition of the earth and its rocks and minerals.
geochemistry:The study of the chemical composition of the earth and its rocks and minerals.
geodesic:A geodesic line or structure.
geodesics:A geodesic line or structure.
geographer:An expert in the study of the physical features of the earth and its atmosphere, and of human activity as it affects and is affected by these.
geographers:An expert in the study of the physical features of the earth and its atmosphere, and of human activity as it affects and is affected by these.
geographical:Based on or derived from the physical features of an area.
geographically:In terms of the geography or physical features of an area.
geography:The study of the physical features of the earth and its atmosphere, and of human activity as it affects and is affected by these, including the distribution of populations and resources, land use, and industries.
geologic:Relating to the study of the earth's physical structure and substance.
geological:Relating to the study of the earth's physical structure and substance.
geologist:An expert in or student of geology.
geologists:An expert in or student of geology.
geology:The science that deals with the earth's physical structure and substance, its history, and the processes that act on it.
geomagnetism:The branch of geology concerned with the magnetic properties of the earth.
geometer:A person skilled in geometry.
geometers:A person skilled in geometry.
geometric:Relating to geometry, or according to its methods.
geometrical:A geometric pattern.
geometry:The branch of mathematics concerned with the properties and relations of points, lines, surfaces, solids, and higher dimensional analogs.
geomorphology:The study of the physical features of the surface of the earth and their relation to its geological structures.
geophysical:Relating to the physics of the earth.
geophysics:The physics of the earth.
geopolitical:Relating to politics, especially international relations, as influenced by geographical factors.
george:The name of four kings of Great Britain and Ireland, one of Great Britain and Ireland (from 1920 of the United Kingdom), and one of the United Kingdom.
georgia:A country in the Caucasus of southwestern Asia, on the eastern shore of the Black Sea; population 3,800,000 (estimated 2015); languages, Georgian (official), Russian, and Armenian; capital, Tbilisi.
geostationary:(of an artificial satellite of the earth) moving in a geosynchronous orbit in the plane of the equator, so that it remains stationary in relation to a fixed point on the surface. This orbit is achieved at an altitude of 22,300 miles (35,900 km) above the earth. It is used by communication and meteorological satellites.
geosynchronous:(of an earth satellite or its orbit) having a period of rotation synchronous with that of the earth's rotation.
geothermal:Relating to or produced by the internal heat of the earth.
geranium:A herbaceous plant or small shrub of a genus that comprises the cranesbills and their relatives. Geraniums bear a long, narrow fruit that is said to be shaped like the bill of a crane.
geraniums:A herbaceous plant or small shrub of a genus that comprises the cranesbills and their relatives. Geraniums bear a long, narrow fruit that is said to be shaped like the bill of a crane.
gerbil:A burrowing mouse-like rodent that is specially adapted to living in arid conditions, found in Africa and Asia.
gerbils:A burrowing mouse-like rodent that is specially adapted to living in arid conditions, found in Africa and Asia.
geriatric:An old person who is receiving special care.
geriatrics:The branch of medicine or social science dealing with the health and care of old people.
germ:A microorganism, especially one which causes disease.
german:Germane.
germane:Relevant to a subject under consideration.
germanic:The Germanic languages collectively.
germanium:The chemical element of atomic number 32, a shiny gray semimetal. Germanium was important in the making of transistors and other semiconductor devices, but has been largely replaced by silicon.
germans:Germane.
germany:A country in central Europe, on the Baltic Sea in the north; population 80,700,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Berlin; official language, German.
germicides:A substance or other agent which destroys harmful microorganisms.
germinal:Relating to or of the nature of a germ cell or embryo.
germinate:(of a seed or spore) begin to grow and put out shoots after a period of dormancy.
germinated:(of a seed or spore) begin to grow and put out shoots after a period of dormancy.
germinating:(of a seed or spore) begin to grow and put out shoots after a period of dormancy.
germination:The development of a plant from a seed or spore after a period of dormancy.
germs:A microorganism, especially one which causes disease.
gerontocracy:A state, society, or group governed by old people.
gerontology:The scientific study of old age, the process of aging, and the particular problems of old people.
gerrymander:Manipulate the boundaries of (an electoral constituency) so as to favor one party or class.
gerrymandered:Manipulate the boundaries of (an electoral constituency) so as to favour one party or class.
gerund:A form that is derived from a verb but that functions as a noun, in English ending in -ing, e.g., asking in do you mind my asking you?
gerundive:(in Latin) a form that is derived from a verb but that functions as an adjective, denoting something “that should or must be done.”.
gestalt:An organized whole that is perceived as more than the sum of its parts.
gestapo:The German secret police under Nazi rule. It ruthlessly suppressed opposition to the Nazis in Germany and occupied Europe, and sent Jewish people and others to concentration camps. From 1936 it was headed by Heinrich Himmler.
gestate:Carry a fetus in the womb from conception to birth.
gestating:Carry a fetus in the womb from conception to birth.
gestation:The process or period of developing inside the womb between conception and birth.
gestational:Relating to the process or period of development inside the womb between conception and birth.
gesticulate:Use gestures, especially dramatic ones, instead of speaking or to emphasize one's words.
gesticulated:Use gestures, especially dramatic ones, instead of speaking or to emphasize one's words.
gesticulating:Use gestures, especially dramatic ones, instead of speaking or to emphasize one's words.
gesticulation:A gesture, especially a dramatic one, used instead of speaking or to emphasize one's words.
gesticulations:A gesture, especially a dramatic one, used instead of speaking or to emphasize one's words.
gesture:A movement of part of the body, especially a hand or the head, to express an idea or meaning.
gestured:Make a gesture.
gestures:Make a gesture.
gesturing:Make a gesture.
get:Come to have or hold (something); receive.
getaway:An escape or quick departure, especially after committing a crime.
gets:Come to have (something); receive.
getter:A person or thing that gets a specified desirable thing.
getting:Come to have (something); receive.
geyser:(especially of water or steam) gush or burst out with great force.
geysers:(especially of water or steam) gush or burst out with great force.
ghana:A country in West Africa, with a southern coastline that borders on the Atlantic Ocean; population 27,400,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Accra; languages, English (official) and West African languages.
ghastlier:Causing great horror or fear.
ghastliest:Causing great horror or fear.
ghastly:Causing great horror or fear; frightful or macabre.
gherkin:The small green fruit of a plant related to the cucumber, used for pickling.
gherkins:The small green fruit of a plant related to the cucumber, used for pickling.
ghetto:Put in or restrict to an isolated or segregated area or group.
ghost:Act as ghostwriter of (a work)
ghosted:Act as ghostwriter of (a work)
ghosting:The appearance of a ghost or secondary image on a television or other display screen.
ghostlier:Of or like a ghost in appearance or sound; eerie and unnatural.
ghostliest:Of or like a ghost in appearance or sound; eerie and unnatural.
ghostly:Of or like a ghost in appearance or sound; eerie and unnatural.
ghosts:Act as ghostwriter of (a work)
ghoul:An evil spirit or phantom, especially one supposed to rob graves and feed on dead bodies.
ghoulish:Resembling or characteristic of a ghoul.
ghouls:An evil spirit or phantom, especially one supposed to rob graves and feed on dead bodies.
giant:An imaginary or mythical being of human form but superhuman size.
giantess:A female giant.
giantism:A tendency toward abnormally large size; gigantism.
giants:An imaginary or mythical being of human form but superhuman size.
gibber:Speak rapidly and unintelligibly, typically through fear or shock.
gibbered:Speak rapidly and unintelligibly, typically through fear or shock.
gibbering:Speaking rapidly and unintelligibly, typically through fear or shock.
gibberish:Unintelligible or meaningless speech or writing; nonsense.
gibbet:Hang up (a body) on a gibbet.
gibbets:Hang up (a body) on a gibbet.
gibbon:A small, slender tree-dwelling ape with long powerful arms and loud hooting calls, native to the forests of Southeast Asia.
gibbons:A small, slender tree-dwelling ape with long powerful arms and loud hooting calls, native to the forests of SE Asia.
gibbous:(of the moon) having the observable illuminated part greater than a semicircle and less than a circle.
giblets:The liver, heart, gizzard, and neck of a chicken or other fowl, usually removed before the bird is cooked, and often used to make gravy, stuffing, or soup.
giddier:Make (someone) feel excited to the point of disorientation.
giddiest:Make (someone) feel excited to the point of disorientation.
giddiness:A sensation of whirling and a tendency to fall or stagger; dizziness.
giddy:Make (someone) feel excited to the point of disorientation.
gift:Give (something) as a gift, especially formally or as a donation or bequest.
gifted:Having exceptional talent or natural ability.
gifting:Give (something) as a gift, especially formally or as a donation or bequest.
gifts:Give (something) as a gift, especially formally or as a donation or bequest.
giftware:Goods sold as being suitable as gifts.
gig:A light two-wheeled carriage pulled by one horse.
gigabytes:A unit of information equal to one thousand million (10⁹) or, strictly, 2³⁰ bytes.
gigantic:Of very great size or extent; huge or enormous.
giggle:Laugh lightly in a nervous, affected, or silly manner.
giggled:Laugh lightly and repeatedly in a silly way, from amusement, nervousness, or embarrassment.
giggles:Laugh lightly and repeatedly in a silly way, from amusement, nervousness, or embarrassment.
giggling:Laughing lightly and repeatedly in an excited, nervous, or silly way.
giggly:Having a tendency to laugh in an excited, nervous, or silly way.
gigolo:A young man paid or financially supported by an older woman to be her escort or lover.
gilded:Covered thinly with gold leaf or gold paint.
gilding:The process of applying gold leaf or gold paint.
gilds:Cover thinly with gold.
gill:Gut or clean (a fish).
gillie:(in Scotland) a man or boy who attends someone on a hunting or fishing expedition.
gills:Gut or clean (a fish).
gilt:Gold leaf or gold paint applied in a thin layer to a surface.
gilts:Gold leaf or gold paint applied in a thin layer to a surface.
gimcrack:A cheap and showy ornament; a knickknack.
gimlet:A small T-shaped tool with a screw-tip for boring holes.
gimlets:A small T-shaped tool with a screw tip for boring holes.
gimmick:Alter or augment with an extra device or feature.
gimmickry:Gimmicks collectively; the use of gimmicks.
gimmicks:Alter or augment with an extra device or feature.
gimmicky:(of a trick or device) intended to attract attention, publicity, or trade.
gin:A clear alcoholic spirit distilled from grain or malt and flavored with juniper berries.
ginger:Make someone or something more lively.
gingerbread:Cake made with molasses and flavored with ginger.
gingerly:In a careful or cautious manner.
gingers:Make someone or something more lively.
gingham:Lightweight plain-woven cotton cloth, typically checked in white and a bold color.
gingivitis:Inflammation of the gums.
gins:A clear alcoholic spirit distilled from grain or malt and flavoured with juniper berries.
ginseng:A plant tuber credited with various tonic and medicinal properties, especially in East Asia.
gipsies:A member of a people originating in South Asia and traditionally having an itinerant way of life, living widely dispersed across Europe and North and South America and speaking a language (Romani) that is related to Hindi; a Romani person.
gipsy:A member of a people originating in South Asia and traditionally having an itinerant way of life, living widely dispersed across Europe and North and South America and speaking a language (Romani) that is related to Hindi; a Romani person.
giraffe:A large African mammal with a very long neck and forelegs, having a coat patterned with brown patches separated by lighter lines. It is the tallest living animal.
giraffes:A large African mammal with a very long neck and forelegs, having a coat patterned with brown patches separated by lighter lines. It is the tallest living animal.
gird:Encircle (a person or part of the body) with a belt or band.
girded:Encircle (a person or part of the body) with a belt or band.
girder:A large iron or steel beam or compound structure used for building bridges and the framework of large buildings.
girders:A large iron or steel beam or compound structure used for building bridges and the framework of large buildings.
girding:Encircle (a person or part of the body) with a belt or band.
girdle:Encircle (the body) with or as a girdle or belt.
girdled:Encircle (the body) with a girdle.
girdles:Encircle (the body) with a girdle.
girdling:Encircle (the body) with a girdle.
girl:A female child.
girlfriend:A regular female companion with whom a person has a romantic or sexual relationship.
girlfriends:A person's regular female companion with whom they have a romantic or sexual relationship.
girlhood:The state or time of being a girl.
girlie:A girl or young woman (often used as a condescending term of address)
girlish:Of, like, or characteristic of a girl.
girls:A female child.
giro:short for autogiro
girt:past participle of gird
girth:Surround; encircle.
girths:Surround; encircle.
gist:The substance or essence of a speech or text.
give:Freely transfer the possession of (something) to (someone); hand over to.
giveaway:A thing that is given free, often for promotional purposes.
given:past participle of give
giver:A person who gives something.
givers:A person who gives something.
gives:Freely transfer the possession of (something) to (someone)
giving:Providing love or other emotional support; caring.
gizzard:A muscular, thick-walled part of a bird's stomach for grinding food, typically with grit.
glacial:A glacial period.
glaciated:Covered or having been covered by glaciers or ice sheets.
glaciation:The process, condition, or result of being covered by glaciers or ice sheets.
glacier:A slowly moving mass or river of ice formed by the accumulation and compaction of snow on mountains or near the poles.
glaciers:A slowly moving mass or river of ice formed by the accumulation and compaction of snow on mountains or near the poles.
glaciology:The study of the internal dynamics and effects of glaciers.
glad:Make happy; please.
gladden:Make glad.
gladdened:Make glad.
gladdening:Make glad.
gladdens:Make glad.
gladder:Make happy; please.
gladdest:Make happy; please.
glade:An open space in a forest.
glades:An open space in a wood or forest.
gladiator:(in ancient Rome) a man trained to fight with weapons against other men or wild animals in an arena.
gladiatorial:Relating to gladiators.
gladiators:(in ancient Rome) a man trained to fight with weapons against other men or wild animals in an arena.
gladioli:An Old World plant of the iris family, with sword-shaped leaves and spikes of brightly coloured flowers, popular in gardens and as a cut flower.
gladiolus:An Old World plant of the iris family, with sword-shaped leaves and spikes of brightly colored flowers, popular in gardens and as a cut flower.
gladly:Willingly or eagerly.
glamorous:Attractive or appealing in an exotic or exciting way.
glamour:An attractive or exciting quality that makes certain people or things seem appealing.
glance:Take a brief or hurried look.
glanced:Take a brief or hurried look.
glances:Take a brief or hurried look.
glancing:Striking someone or something at an angle rather than directly and with full force.
gland:An organ in the human or animal body which secretes particular chemical substances for use in the body or for discharge into the surroundings.
glands:An organ in the human or animal body which secretes particular chemical substances for use in the body or for discharge into the surroundings.
glandular:Relating to or affecting a gland or glands.
glans:The rounded part forming the end of the penis or clitoris.
glare:Stare in an angry or fierce way.
glared:Stare in an angry or fierce way.
glares:Stare in an angry or fierce way.
glaring:Giving out or reflecting a strong or dazzling light.
glaringly:In a way that gives out or reflects a strong or dazzling light.
glasgow:A city in Scotland, on the Clyde River; population 578,700 (est. 2009). It is the largest city in Scotland.
glasnost:(in the former Soviet Union) the policy or practice of more open consultative government and wider dissemination of information, initiated by leader Mikhail Gorbachev from 1985.
glass:Cover or enclose with glass.
glassed:Cover or enclose with glass.
glasses:A pair of lenses set in a frame resting on the nose and ears, used to correct or assist defective eyesight or protect the eyes.
glasshouse:A greenhouse.
glasshouses:A greenhouse.
glassier:A glass marble.
glassiest:A glass marble.
glassware:Ornaments and articles made from glass.
glassy:Of or resembling glass.
glaucoma:A condition of increased pressure within the eyeball, causing gradual loss of sight.
glaucous:Of a dull grayish-green or blue color.
glaze:Fit panes of glass into (a window or doorframe or similar structure)
glazed:(of a window or doorframe or similar structure) fitted with panes of glass.
glazes:Fit panes of glass into (a window or door frame or similar structure)
glazier:A person whose profession is fitting glass into windows and doors.
glaziers:A person whose trade is fitting glass into windows and doors.
glazing:The action of installing windows.
gleam:Shine brightly, especially with reflected light.
gleamed:Shine brightly, especially with reflected light.
gleaming:(of a smooth surface) reflecting light, typically because very clean or polished.
gleams:Shine brightly, especially with reflected light.
glean:Extract (information) from various sources.
gleaned:Obtain (information) from various sources, often with difficulty.
gleaning:Obtain (information) from various sources, often with difficulty.
gleanings:Things, especially facts, that are gathered or collected from various sources rather than acquired as a whole.
gleans:Obtain (information) from various sources, often with difficulty.
glebe:A piece of land serving as part of a clergyman's benefice and providing income.
glee:Great delight.
gleeful:Exuberantly or triumphantly joyful.
gleefully:In an exuberantly or triumphantly joyful manner.
glen:A narrow valley.
glens:A narrow valley, especially in Scotland or Ireland.
glia:The connective tissue of the nervous system, consisting of several different types of cell associated with neurons.
glib:(of words or the person speaking them) fluent and voluble but insincere and shallow.
glide:Move with a smooth continuous motion, typically with little noise.
glided:Move with a smooth, quiet continuous motion.
glider:A light aircraft that is designed to fly for long periods without using an engine.
gliders:A light aircraft that is designed to fly without using an engine.
glides:Move with a smooth, quiet continuous motion.
gliding:The sport of flying in a glider.
glim:A candle or lantern.
glimmer:Shine faintly with a wavering light.
glimmered:Shine faintly with a wavering light.
glimmering:A glimmer.
glimmerings:A glimmer.
glimmers:Shine faintly with a wavering light.
glimpse:See or perceive briefly or partially.
glimpsed:See or perceive briefly or partially.
glimpses:See or perceive briefly or partially.
glimpsing:See or perceive briefly or partially.
glint:Give out or reflect small flashes of light.
glinted:Give out or reflect small flashes of light.
glinting:Give out or reflect small flashes of light.
glints:Give out or reflect small flashes of light.
glisten:(of something wet or greasy) shine; glitter.
glistened:(of something wet or greasy) shine with a sparkling light.
glistening:Shining with a sparkling light.
glistens:(of something wet or greasy) shine with a sparkling light.
glitter:Shine with a bright, shimmering reflected light.
glittered:Shine with a bright, shimmering reflected light.
glittering:Shining with a shimmering or sparkling light.
glitters:Shine with a bright, shimmering reflected light.
glittery:Reflecting a bright, shimmering light.
glitzy:Ostentatiously attractive (often used to suggest superficial glamour)
gloaming:Twilight; dusk.
gloat:Contemplate or dwell on one's own success or another's misfortune with smugness or malignant pleasure.
gloated:Dwell on one's own success or another's misfortune with smugness or malignant pleasure.
gloating:Dwelling on one's own success or another's misfortune with smugness or malignant pleasure.
glob:A lump of a semiliquid substance.
global:Relating to the whole world; worldwide.
globalisation:The process by which businesses or other organizations develop international influence or start operating on an international scale.
globally:In a way that relates to the whole world.
globe:Form (something) into a globe.
globed:Form (something) into a globe.
globes:Form (something) into a globe.
globetrotters:A person who travels widely.
globetrotting:The action of traveling widely around the world.
globose:Having the form of a globe; spherical.
globular:Globe-shaped; spherical.
globule:A small round particle of a substance; a drop.
globules:A small round particle of a substance; a drop.
gloom:Partial or total darkness.
gloomier:Dark or poorly lit, especially so as to appear depressing or frightening.
gloomiest:Dark or poorly lit, especially so as to appear depressing or frightening.
glooms:Have a dark or sombre appearance.
gloomy:Dark or poorly lit, especially so as to appear depressing or frightening.
gloried:Take great pride or pleasure in.
glories:Take great pride or pleasure in.
glorification:The action of describing or representing something as admirable, especially unjustifiably.
glorified:(especially of something or someone ordinary or unexceptional) represented in such a way as to appear more elevated or special.
glorifies:Praise and worship (God)
glorify:Praise and worship (God)
glorifying:Praise and worship (God)
glorious:Having, worthy of, or bringing fame or admiration.
gloriously:In a way that is worthy of fame or admiration; impressively.
glory:High renown or honor won by notable achievements.
glorying:Take great pride or pleasure in.
gloss:Apply a glossy substance to.
glossaries:An alphabetical list of words relating to a specific subject, text, or dialect, with explanations; a brief dictionary.
glossary:An alphabetical list of terms or words found in or relating to a specific subject, text, or dialect, with explanations; a brief dictionary.
glossed:Apply a glossy substance to.
glosses:Apply a glossy substance to.
glossier:A magazine printed on glossy paper, containing many colour photographs and typically devoted to fashion, beauty, celebrities, etc.
glossiest:A magazine printed on glossy paper, containing many colour photographs and typically devoted to fashion, beauty, celebrities, etc.
glossing:Apply a glossy substance to.
glossy:A magazine printed on glossy paper, containing many color photographs and typically devoted to fashion, beauty, celebrities, etc.
glottal:Of or produced by the glottis.
glove:(of a baseball catcher) catch, deflect, or touch (the ball) with one's glove.
gloved:Wearing a glove.
gloves:(of a wicketkeeper, baseball catcher, etc.) catch, deflect, or touch (the ball) with a gloved hand.
glow:Give out steady light without flame.
glowed:Give out steady light without flame.
glower:Have an angry or sullen look on one's face; scowl.
glowered:Have an angry or sullen look on one's face; scowl.
glowers:Have an angry or sullen look on one's face; scowl.
glowing:Expressing great praise.
glows:Give out steady light without flame.
glowworm:A soft-bodied beetle with luminescent organs in the abdomen, especially the larva-like wingless female which emits light to attract the flying male.
glowworms:A soft-bodied beetle with luminescent organs in the abdomen, especially the larva-like wingless female which emits light to attract the flying male.
glucose:A simple sugar which is an important energy source in living organisms and is a component of many carbohydrates.
glue:Fasten or join with or as if with glue.
glued:Fasten or join with or as if with glue.
glueing:Fasten or join with or as if with glue.
glues:Fasten or join with or as if with glue.
gluey:Having a sticky consistency.
gluing:Fasten or join with or as if with glue.
glum:Looking or feeling dejected; morose.
gluon:A subatomic particle of a class that is thought to bind quarks together.
glut:Supply or fill to excess.
glutamate:A salt or ester of glutamic acid.
gluten:A substance present in cereal grains, especially wheat, that is responsible for the elastic texture of dough. A mixture of two proteins, it causes illness in people with celiac disease.
glutinous:Like glue in texture; sticky.
glutted:Supply or fill to excess.
glutton:An excessively greedy eater.
gluttonous:Excessively greedy.
gluttons:An excessively greedy eater.
gluttony:Habitual greed or excess in eating.
glycerol:A colorless, sweet, viscous liquid formed as a byproduct in soap manufacture. It is used as an emollient and laxative, and for making explosives and antifreeze.
glycine:The simplest naturally occurring amino acid. It is a constituent of most proteins.
glyph:A hieroglyphic character or symbol; a pictograph.
glyphs:A hieroglyphic character or symbol.
gnarl:A rough, knotty protuberance, especially on a tree.
gnarled:Knobbly, rough, and twisted, especially with age.
gnarls:A rough, knotty protuberance, especially on a tree.
gnash:Grind (one's teeth) together, typically as a sign of anger.
gnashed:Grind (one's teeth) together as a sign of anger (often used hyperbolically)
gnashes:Grind (one's teeth) together as a sign of anger (often used hyperbolically)
gnashing:Grind (one's teeth) together as a sign of anger (often used hyperbolically)
gnat:A small two-winged fly that resembles a mosquito. Gnats include both biting and nonbiting forms, and they typically form large swarms.
gnats:A small two-winged fly that resembles a mosquito. Gnats include both biting and non-biting forms, and they typically form large swarms.
gnaw:Bite at or nibble something persistently.
gnawed:Bite at or nibble something persistently.
gnawing:Persistently worrying or distressing.
gnaws:Bite at or nibble something persistently.
gneiss:A metamorphic rock with a banded or foliated structure, typically coarse-grained and consisting mainly of feldspar, quartz, and mica.
gnome:A legendary dwarfish creature supposed to guard the earth's treasures underground.
gnomes:A legendary dwarfish creature supposed to guard the earth's treasures underground.
gnomic:Expressed in or of the nature of short, pithy maxims or aphorisms.
gnostic:An adherent of Gnosticism.
gnosticism:A prominent heretical movement of the 2nd-century Christian Church, partly of pre-Christian origin. Gnostic doctrine taught that the world was created and ruled by a lesser divinity, the demiurge, and that Christ was an emissary of the remote supreme divine being, esoteric knowledge (gnosis) of whom enabled the redemption of the human spirit.
gnu:A large dark African antelope with a long head, a beard and mane, and a sloping back.
gnus:A large dark African antelope with a long head, a beard and mane, and a sloping back.
go:Move from one place to another; travel.
goad:Provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate some action or reaction.
goaded:Provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate an action or reaction.
goading:Provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate an action or reaction.
goads:Provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate an action or reaction.
goal:(in football, soccer, rugby, hockey, and some other games) a pair of posts linked by a crossbar and often with a net attached behind it, forming a space into or over which the ball has to be sent in order to score.
goalkeeper:another term for goaltender
goalkeepers:A player in soccer or field hockey whose special role is to stop the ball from entering the goal.
goalkeeping:The play of a goalkeeper in soccer or field hockey.
goalless:Denoting a game in soccer, hockey, etc., in which no goals are scored.
goalmouth:The area just in front of a goal in soccer, lacrosse, or hockey.
goalpost:Either of the two upright posts of a goal.
goalposts:Either of the two upright posts of a goal.
goals:(in soccer, rugby, hockey, and some other games) a pair of posts linked by a crossbar and typically with a net between, forming a space into or over which the ball has to be sent in order to score.
goalscorer:A player who scores a goal.
goalscorers:A player who scores a goal.
goat:A hardy domesticated ruminant animal that has backward curving horns and (in the male) a beard. It is kept for its milk and meat and is noted for its lively and frisky behavior.
goatee:A small, sometimes pointed, beard.
goatees:A small pointed beard like that of a goat.
goats:A hardy domesticated ruminant mammal that has backward-curving horns and (in the male) a beard. It is kept for its milk and meat, and noted for its lively behaviour.
goatskin:The skin of a goat.
gobbet:A piece or lump of flesh, food, or other matter.
gobbets:A piece or lump of flesh, food, or other matter.
gobble:Eat (something) hurriedly and noisily.
gobbled:Eat (something) hurriedly and noisily.
gobbledegook:Language that is meaningless or is made unintelligible by excessive use of technical terms.
gobbledygook:Language that is meaningless or is made unintelligible by excessive use of abstruse technical terms; nonsense.
gobbler:A person who eats greedily and noisily.
gobbles:Eat (something) hurriedly and noisily.
gobbling:Eat (something) hurriedly and noisily.
gobi:Cauliflower.
gobies:A small, usually marine fish that typically has a sucker on the underside.
goblet:A drinking glass with a foot and a stem.
goblets:A drinking glass with a foot and a stem.
goblin:(in folklore and fantasy fiction) a mischievous, ugly creature resembling a dwarf.
goblins:(in folklore and fantasy fiction) a mischievous, ugly creature resembling a dwarf.
god:(in Christianity and other monotheistic religions) the creator and ruler of the universe and source of all moral authority; the supreme being.
godchild:A person in relation to a godparent.
goddess:A female deity.
goddesses:A female deity.
godfather:A man who presents a child at baptism and promises to take responsibility for their religious education.
godfathers:A man who presents a child at baptism and promises to take responsibility for their religious education.
godforsaken:Lacking any merit or attraction; dismal.
godhead:God.
godless:Not recognizing or obeying God.
godlier:Devoutly religious; pious.
godlike:Resembling God or a god in qualities such as power, beauty, or benevolence.
godliness:The quality of being devoutly religious; piety.
godly:Devoutly religious; pious.
godmother:A woman who presents a child at baptism and promises to take responsibility for their religious education.
godmothers:A woman who presents a child at baptism and promises to take responsibility for their religious education.
godparents:A person who presents a child at baptism and promises to take responsibility for their religious education.
gods:(in Christianity and other monotheistic religions) the creator and ruler of the universe and source of all moral authority; the supreme being.
godsend:A very helpful or valuable event, person, or thing.
godson:A male godchild.
godsons:A male godchild.
goer:A person who attends a specified place or event, especially regularly.
goers:A person who attends a specified place or event, especially on a regular basis.
goes:Move from one place to another; travel.
gofer:A person who runs errands, especially on a movie set or in an office.
goggles:Look with wide open eyes, typically in amazement.
goggling:Look with wide open eyes, typically in amazement.
going:An act or instance of leaving a place; a departure.
goings:An act of leaving a place; a departure.
goitre:A swelling of the neck resulting from enlargement of the thyroid gland.
goitres:A swelling of the neck resulting from enlargement of the thyroid gland.
gold:A yellow precious metal, the chemical element of atomic number 79, used especially in jewelry and decoration and to guarantee the value of currencies.An alloy of gold.
golden:Colored or shining like gold.
goldfish:A small reddish-golden Eurasian carp, popular in ponds and aquariums. A long history of breeding in China and Japan has resulted in many varieties of form and color.
golds:A yellow precious metal, the chemical element of atomic number 79, used especially in jewellery and decoration and to guarantee the value of currencies.An alloy of gold.
goldsmith:A person who makes gold articles.
goldsmiths:A person who makes gold articles.
golf:A game played on a large open-air course, in which a small hard ball is struck with a club into a series of small holes in the ground, the object being to use the fewest possible strokes to complete the course.
golfer:A person who plays golf.
golfers:A person who plays golf.
golfing:The activity of playing the game of golf.
golgotha:The site of the crucifixion of Jesus; Calvary.
goliath:(in the Bible) a Philistine giant, according to one tradition slain by David (1 Sam. 17), but according to another slain by Elhanan (2 Sam. 21:19).
golliwog:A soft doll with bright clothes, a black face, and fuzzy hair.
gonad:An organ that produces gametes; a testis or ovary.
gonads:An organ that produces gametes; a testis or ovary.
gondola:A light flat-bottomed boat used on Venetian canals, having a high point at each end and worked by one oar at the stern.
gondolas:A light flat-bottomed boat used on Venetian canals, having a high point at each end and worked by one oar at the stern.
gondolier:A person who propels and steers a gondola.
gondoliers:A person who propels and steers a gondola.
gone:past participle of go
gong:A metal disk with a turned rim, giving a resonant note when struck.
gongs:Sound a gong or make a sound like that of a gong being struck.
gonorrhoea:A venereal disease involving inflammatory discharge from the urethra or vagina.
goo:A sticky or slimy substance.
good:Well.
goodbye:An instance of saying “goodbye”; a parting.
goodbyes:An instance of saying ‘goodbye’; a parting.
goodies:A good or favoured person, especially a hero in a book, film, etc.
goodish:Fairly good.
goodly:Considerable in size or quantity.
goodness:The quality of being morally good or virtuous.
goodnight:Expressing good wishes on parting at night or before going to bed.
goods:Merchandise or possessions.
goodwill:Friendly, helpful, or cooperative feelings or attitude.
goody:Something attractive or desirable, especially something tasty or pleasant to eat.
gooey:Soft and sticky.
goof:A mistake.
goofed:Behave in a silly way or playful way.
goofing:Behave in a silly way or playful way.
goofs:Behave in a silly way or playful way.
goofy:Foolish or harmlessly eccentric.
googlies:(of the eyes) unfocused or rolling.
googly:(of the eyes) unfocused or rolling.
goon:A stupid, foolish, or eccentric person.
goons:A stupid, foolish, or eccentric person.
goose:Poke (someone) between the buttocks.
gooseberries:A round edible yellowish-green or reddish berry with a thin translucent hairy skin.
gooseberry:A round edible yellowish-green or reddish berry with a thin translucent hairy skin.
goosestep:March with a goose-step.
goosestepping:March with a goose-step.
gopher:A burrowing rodent with fur-lined pouches on the outside of the cheeks, found in North and Central America.
gophers:A burrowing rodent with fur-lined pouches on the outside of the cheeks, found in North and Central America.
gore:Blood that has been shed, especially as a result of violence.
gored:Shaped with a gore or gores.
gores:Blood that has been shed, especially as a result of violence.
gorge:A narrow valley between hills or mountains, typically with steep rocky walls and a stream running through it.
gorged:Having the neck encircled by a coronet or collar, especially of a specified tincture.
gorgeous:Beautiful; very attractive.
gorgeously:In a very attractive manner.
gorges:Eat a large amount greedily; fill oneself with food.
gorging:Eat a large amount greedily; fill oneself with food.
gorgon:Each of three sisters, Stheno, Euryale, and Medusa, with snakes for hair, who had the power to turn anyone who looked at them to stone.
gorgons:Each of three sisters, Stheno, Euryale, and Medusa, with snakes for hair, who had the power to turn anyone who looked at them to stone. Medusa was killed by Perseus.
gorier:Involving or showing violence and bloodshed.
goriest:Involving or showing violence and bloodshed.
gorilla:A powerfully built great ape with a large head and short neck, found in the forests of central Africa. It is the largest living primate.
gorillas:A powerfully built great ape with a large head and short neck, found in the forests of central Africa. It is the largest living primate.
goring:Blood that has been shed, especially as a result of violence.
gormless:Lacking sense or initiative; foolish.
gorse:A yellow-flowered shrub of the pea family, the leaves of which are modified to form spines, native to western Europe and North Africa.
gory:Involving or showing violence and bloodshed.
gosh:Used to express surprise or give emphasis.
gosling:A young goose.
goslings:A young goose.
gospel:The teaching or revelation of Christ.
gospels:The teaching or revelation of Christ.
gossamer:A fine, filmy substance consisting of cobwebs spun by small spiders, seen especially in autumn.
gossip:Casual or unconstrained conversation or reports about other people, typically involving details that are not confirmed as being true.
gossiped:Engage in gossip.
gossiping:Engage in gossip.
gossips:Engage in gossip.
gossipy:Characterized by casual conversation or reports about other people.
got:Come to have (something); receive.
goth:A member of a Germanic people that invaded the Roman Empire from the east between the 3rd and 5th centuries. The eastern division, the Ostrogoths, founded a kingdom in Italy, while the Visigoths went on to found one in Spain.
gothic:The language of the Goths.
goths:A member of a Germanic people that invaded the Roman Empire from the east between the 3rd and 5th centuries. The eastern division, the Ostrogoths, founded a kingdom in Italy, while the Visigoths went on to found one in Spain.
gotten:North American past participle of get
gouda:A market town in the Netherlands, just north-east of Rotterdam; population 70,857 (2008).
gouge:Make (a groove, hole, or indentation) with or as with a sharp tool or blade.
gouged:Make (a groove, hole, or indentation) with or as with a sharp tool or blade.
gouges:Make (a groove, hole, or indentation) with or as with a sharp tool or blade.
gouging:Make (a groove, hole, or indentation) with or as with a sharp tool or blade.
goulash:A highly seasoned Hungarian soup or stew of meat and vegetables, flavored with paprika.
gourd:A fleshy, typically large fruit with a hard skin, some varieties of which are edible.
gourds:A fleshy, typically large fruit with a hard skin, some varieties of which are edible.
gourmand:A person who enjoys eating and often eats too much.
gourmet:A connoisseur of good food; a person with a discerning palate.
gourmets:A connoisseur of good food; a person with a discerning palate.
gout:A disease in which defective metabolism of uric acid causes arthritis, especially in the smaller bones of the feet, deposition of chalkstones, and episodes of acute pain.
govern:Conduct the policy, actions, and affairs of (a state, organization, or people)
governance:The action or manner of governing.
governed:Conduct the policy, actions, and affairs of (a state, organization, or people) with authority.
governess:A woman employed to teach children in a private household.
governesses:(especially in former times) a woman employed to teach children in a private household.
governing:Having authority to conduct the policy, actions, and affairs of a state, organization, or people.
government:The governing body of a nation, state, or community.
governmental:Relating to or denoting the government of a country or state.
governments:The group of people with the authority to govern a country or state; a particular ministry in office.
governor:The elected executive head of a state of the US.
governors:An official appointed to govern a town or region.
governorship:The office or position of being the elected executive head of a state of the US.
governorships:The office or position of being governor of a town, region, or public institution.
governs:Conduct the policy, actions, and affairs of (a state, organization, or people) with authority.
gown:Be dressed in a gown.
gowned:Be dressed in a gown.
gowns:Be dressed in a gown.
grab:Grasp or seize suddenly and roughly.
grabbed:Grasp or seize suddenly and roughly.
grabbing:Grasp or seize suddenly and roughly.
grabs:Grasp or seize suddenly and roughly.
grace:Do honor or credit to (someone or something) by one's presence.
graced:Bring honour or credit to (someone or something) by one's attendance or participation.
graceful:Having or showing grace or elegance.
gracefully:In an attractively elegant way.
graceless:Lacking grace, elegance, or charm.
graces:Bring honour or credit to (someone or something) by one's attendance or participation.
gracing:Bring honour or credit to (someone or something) by one's attendance or participation.
gracious:Courteous, kind, and pleasant.
graciously:In a courteous, kind, and pleasant manner.
gradation:A scale or a series of successive changes, stages, or degrees.
gradations:A scale or series of successive changes, stages, or degrees.
grade:Arrange in or allocate to grades; class or sort.
graded:Arrange in or allocate to grades; classify or sort.
grader:A person or thing that grades.
graders:A person or thing that grades.
grades:Arrange in or allocate to grades; classify or sort.
gradient:An inclined part of a road or railway; a slope.
gradients:An inclined part of a road or railway; a slope.
grading:Arrange in or allocate to grades; classify or sort.
gradual:(in the Western Christian Church) a response sung or recited between the Epistle and Gospel in the Mass.
gradualism:A policy of gradual reform rather than sudden change or revolution.
gradually:In a gradual way; slowly; by degrees.
graduand:A person who is about to receive an academic degree.
graduands:A person who is about to receive an academic degree.
graduate:Successfully complete an academic degree, course of training, or high school.
graduated:Arranged in a series or according to a scale.
graduates:Successfully complete an academic degree, course of training, or (in North America) high school.
graduating:Successfully complete an academic degree, course of training, or (in North America) high school.
graduation:The receiving or conferring of an academic degree or diploma.
graffiti:Write or draw graffiti on (something)
graffito:Write or draw graffiti on (something)
graft:Insert (a shoot or twig) as a graft.
grafted:Insert (a shoot or twig) as a graft.
grafting:Insert (a shoot or twig) as a graft.
grafts:Insert (a shoot or twig) as a graft.
graham:Denoting or made from wholewheat flour that has not been sifted.
grail:(in medieval legend) the cup or platter used by Jesus at the Last Supper, and in which Joseph of Arimathea received Christ's blood at the Cross. Quests for it undertaken by medieval knights are described in versions of the Arthurian legends written from the early 13th century onward.
grails:(in medieval legend) the cup or platter used by Christ at the Last Supper, and in which Joseph of Arimathea received Christ's blood at the Cross. Quests for it undertaken by medieval knights are described in versions of the Arthurian legends written from the early 13th century onward.
grain:Give a rough surface or texture to.
grainier:Granular.
grainiest:Granular.
grains:Give a rough surface or texture to.
grainy:Granular.
gram:A metric unit of mass equal to one thousandth of a kilogram.
grammar:The whole system and structure of a language or of languages in general, usually taken as consisting of syntax and morphology (including inflections) and sometimes also phonology and semantics.
grammarian:A person who studies and writes about grammar.
grammarians:A person who studies and writes about grammar.
grammatical:Relating to grammar.
grammatically:In a way that relates to grammar or the rules of grammar.
gramme:A metric unit of mass equal to one thousandth of a kilogram.
grams:A metric unit of mass equal to one thousandth of a kilogram.
granaries:A storehouse for threshed grain.
granary:A storehouse for threshed grain.
grand:A thousand dollars or pounds.
grandads:One's grandfather.
grandchild:A child of one's son or daughter.
grandchildren:A child of one's son or daughter.
granddad:One's grandfather.
granddaughter:A daughter of one's son or daughter.
granddaughters:A daughter of one's son or daughter.
grandee:A Spanish or Portuguese nobleman of the highest rank.
grandees:A Spanish or Portuguese nobleman of the highest rank.
grander:A thousand dollars or pounds.
grandest:A thousand dollars or pounds.
grandeur:Splendor and impressiveness, especially of appearance or style.
grandfather:Exempt (someone or something) from a new law or regulation.
grandfathers:Exempt (someone or something) from a new law or regulation.
grandiloquent:Pompous or extravagant in language, style, or manner, especially in a way that is intended to impress.
grandiose:Impressive and imposing in appearance or style, especially pretentiously so.
grandiosity:The quality of being impressive and imposing in appearance or style, especially pretentiously so.
grandly:In a proud, impressive, or ambitious manner.
grandma:One's grandmother.
grandmas:One's grandmother.
grandmother:The mother of one's father or mother.
grandmothers:The mother of one's father or mother.
grandpa:One's grandfather.
grandparent:A parent of one's father or mother; a grandmother or grandfather.
grandparents:A parent of one's father or mother; a grandmother or grandfather.
grandpas:One's grandfather.
grands:A thousand dollars or pounds.
grandson:The son of one's son or daughter.
grandsons:The son of one's son or daughter.
grandstand:The main seating area, usually roofed, commanding the best view for spectators at racetracks or sports stadiums.
grange:A country house with farm buildings attached.
granite:A very hard, granular, crystalline, igneous rock consisting mainly of quartz, mica, and feldspar and often used as a building stone.
granites:A very hard, granular, crystalline, igneous rock consisting mainly of quartz, mica, and feldspar and often used as a building stone.
grannie:One's grandmother.
grannies:One's grandmother.
granny:One's grandmother.
grant:Agree to give or allow (something requested) to.
granted:Admittedly; it is true (used to introduce a factor which is opposed to the main line of argument but is not regarded as so strong as to invalidate it)
grantee:A person to whom a grant or conveyance is made.
granting:Agree to give or allow (something requested) to.
grants:Agree to give or allow (something requested) to.
granular:Resembling or consisting of small grains or particles.
granularity:The quality or condition of being granular.
granulated:In the form of grains or particles.
granule:A small compact particle of a substance.
granules:A small compact particle of a substance.
granulocyte:A white blood cell with secretory granules in its cytoplasm, i.e. a neutrophil, basophil, or eosinophil.
grape:A berry, typically green (classified as white), purple, red, or black, growing in clusters on a grapevine, eaten as fruit, and used in making wine.
grapefruit:A large round yellow citrus fruit with an acid juicy pulp.
grapes:A berry (typically green, purple, or black) growing in clusters on a grapevine, eaten as fruit and used in making wine.
grapeshot:Ammunition consisting of a number of small iron balls fired together from a cannon.
grapevine:A vine native to both Eurasia and North America, especially one bearing fruit (grapes) used for eating or winemaking. Numerous cultivars and hybrids have been developed for the winemaking industry.
graph:Plot or trace on a graph.
graphed:Plot or trace on a graph.
graphic:A graphical item displayed on a screen or stored as data.
graphical:Relating to or in the form of a graph.
graphically:With clear and vividly explicit details.
graphics:The products of the graphic arts, especially commercial design or illustration.
graphite:A gray crystalline allotropic form of carbon which occurs as a mineral in some rocks and can be made from coke. It is used as a solid lubricant, in pencils, and as a moderator in nuclear reactors.
graphology:The study of handwriting, for example as used to infer a person's character.
graphs:Plot or trace on a graph.
grapnel:A grappling hook.
grapple:Engage in a close fight or struggle without weapons; wrestle.
grappled:Engage in a close fight or struggle without weapons; wrestle.
grapples:Engage in a close fight or struggle without weapons; wrestle.
grappling:A grappling hook or grappling iron.
graptolites:A fossil marine invertebrate animal of the Palaeozoic era, forming mainly planktonic colonies and believed to be related to the pterobranchs.
grasp:Seize and hold firmly.
grasped:Seize and hold firmly.
grasping:Greedy; avaricious.
grasps:Seize and hold firmly.
grass:Cover (an area of ground) with grass.
grassed:Cover (an area of ground) with grass.
grasses:Cover (an area of ground) with grass.
grasshopper:A plant-eating insect with long hind legs that are used for jumping and for producing a chirping sound. It frequents grassy places and low vegetation.
grasshoppers:A plant-eating insect with long hind legs which are used for jumping and for producing a chirping sound, frequenting grassy places and low vegetation.
grassier:Covered with grass.
grassiest:Covered with grass.
grassland:A large open area of country covered with grass, especially one used for grazing.
grasslands:A large open area of country covered with grass, especially one used for grazing.
grassroots:The most basic level of an activity or organization.
grassy:Covered with grass.
grate:Reduce (something, especially food) to small shreds by rubbing it on a grater.
grated:(of food) reduced to small shreds by being rubbed on a grater.
grateful:Feeling or showing an appreciation of kindness; thankful.
gratefully:With appreciation for something done or received.
grater:A device having a surface covered with holes edged by slightly raised cutting edges, used for grating cheese and other foods.
graters:A device having a surface covered with holes edged by slightly raised cutting edges, used for grating cheese and other foods.
grates:Reduce (food) to small shreds by rubbing it on a grater.
graticule:A network of lines representing meridians and parallels, on which a map or plan can be represented.
gratification:Pleasure, especially when gained from the satisfaction of a desire.
gratified:Give (someone) pleasure or satisfaction.
gratifies:Give (someone) pleasure or satisfaction.
gratify:Give (someone) pleasure or satisfaction.
gratifying:Giving pleasure or satisfaction.
grating:Sounding harsh and unpleasant.
gratings:Sounding harsh and unpleasant.
gratis:Without charge; free.
gratitude:The quality of being thankful; readiness to show appreciation for and to return kindness.
gratuities:A tip given to a waiter, taxi driver, etc.
gratuitous:Uncalled for; lacking good reason; unwarranted.
gratuitously:Without good reason; unjustifiably.
gratuity:A tip given to a waiter, taxicab driver, etc.
grave:A place of burial for a dead body, typically a hole dug in the ground and marked by a stone or mound.
gravedigger:A person who digs graves.
gravediggers:A person who digs graves.
gravel:Cover (an area of ground) with gravel.
gravelled:Cover (an area of ground) with gravel.
gravelly:Resembling, containing, or consisting of gravel.
gravels:Cover (an area of ground) with gravel.
gravely:To a degree that gives cause for alarm.
graven:A hole dug in the ground to receive a coffin or dead body, typically marked by a stone or mound.
graver:A burin or other engraving tool.
graves:A red or white wine from the district of Graves, to the south of Bordeaux in France.
graveside:The ground around the edge of a grave.
gravest:A hole dug in the ground to receive a coffin or dead body, typically marked by a stone or mound.
gravestone:An inscribed headstone marking a grave.
gravestones:An inscribed headstone marking a grave.
graveyard:A burial ground, especially one beside a church.
graveyards:A burial ground, especially one beside a church.
gravies:A sauce made by mixing the fat and juices exuded by meat during cooking with stock and other ingredients.
gravitas:Dignity, seriousness, or solemnity of manner.
gravitate:Move toward or be attracted to a place, person, or thing.
gravitated:Move towards or be attracted to a person or thing.
gravitating:Move towards or be attracted to a person or thing.
gravitation:Movement, or a tendency to move, toward a center of gravity, as in the falling of bodies to the earth.
gravitational:Relating to movement toward a center of gravity.
graviton:A hypothetical quantum of gravitational energy, regarded as a particle.
gravitons:A hypothetical quantum of gravitational energy, regarded as a particle.
gravity:The force that attracts a body toward the center of the earth, or toward any other physical body having mass.
gravy:A sauce made from cooked meat juices together with stock and other ingredients.
graze:(of cattle, sheep, etc.) eat grass in a field.
grazed:(of cattle, sheep, etc.) eat grass in a field.
grazes:(of cattle, sheep, etc.) eat grass in a field.
grazing:Grassland suitable for pasturage.
grease:Smear or lubricate with grease.
greased:Smear or lubricate with grease.
greasepaint:A waxy substance used as makeup by actors.
greasers:A motor mechanic or unskilled engineer on a ship.
greases:Smear or lubricate with grease.
greasier:Covered with, resembling, or produced by grease or oil.
greasiest:Covered with, resembling, or produced by grease or oil.
greasing:Smear or lubricate with grease.
greasy:Covered with or resembling an oily substance.
great:Excellently; very well.
greatcoat:A long heavy overcoat.
greatcoats:A long heavy overcoat.
greater:Very well; excellently.
greatest:Very well; excellently.
greatly:By a considerable amount; very much.
greatness:The quality of being great, distinguished, or eminent.
grecian:Relating to ancient Greece, especially its architecture.
greece:A country in southeastern Europe; population 11,000,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Greek; capital, Athens.
greed:Intense and selfish desire for something, especially wealth, power, or food.
greedier:Having an excessive desire or appetite for food.
greediest:Having an excessive desire or appetite for food.
greedily:In a way that shows an excessive desire or appetite for food.
greedy:Having or showing an intense and selfish desire for something, especially wealth or power.
greek:A native or inhabitant of modern Greece, or a person of Greek descent.
greeks:A native or inhabitant of modern Greece, or a person of Greek descent.
green:Make or become green in color.
greened:Make or become green in colour.
greener:A type of shotgun.
greenery:Green foliage, growing plants, or vegetation.
greenest:Make or become green in colour.
greenfield:Denoting or relating to previously undeveloped sites for commercial development or exploitation.
greenfly:A green aphid which is a common pest of crops and garden plants.
greengages:A sweet greenish fruit resembling a small plum.
greengrocer:A retailer of fruit and vegetables.
greengrocers:A retailer of fruit and vegetables.
greenhorn:A person who is new to or inexperienced at a particular activity.
greenhorns:A person who is new to or inexperienced at a particular activity.
greenhouse:A glass building in which plants are grown that need protection from cold weather.
greenhouses:A glass building in which plants that need protection from cold weather are grown.
greenie:A person who campaigns for protection of the environment.
greening:An apple of a variety that is green when ripe.
greenish:Having a green tinge; slightly green.
greens:Make or become green in colour.
greenstone:A greenish igneous rock containing feldspar and hornblende.
greensward:Grass-covered ground.
greenwich:A London borough on the southern bank of the River Thames.
greet:Give a polite word or sign of welcome or recognition to (someone) on meeting.
greeted:Give a polite word of recognition or sign of welcome when meeting (someone)
greeting:A polite word or sign of welcome or recognition.
greetings:A polite word or sign of welcome or recognition.
greets:Give a polite word of recognition or sign of welcome when meeting (someone)
gregarious:(of a person) fond of company; sociable.
gremlin:An imaginary mischievous sprite regarded as responsible for an unexplained problem or fault, especially a mechanical or electronic one.
gremlins:An imaginary mischievous sprite regarded as responsible for an unexplained problem or fault, especially a mechanical or electronic one.
grenade:A small bomb thrown by hand or launched mechanically.
grenades:A small bomb thrown by hand or launched mechanically.
grenadier:A soldier armed with grenades or a grenade launcher.
grenadiers:A soldier armed with grenades.
grew:(of a living thing) undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically.
grey:(especially of hair) become grey with age.
greybeard:An old man.
greyer:(especially of hair) become grey with age.
greyest:(especially of hair) become grey with age.
greyhound:A dog of a tall, slender breed having keen sight and capable of high speed, used since ancient times for hunting small game and now chiefly in racing and coursing.
greyhounds:A dog of a tall, slender breed having keen sight and capable of high speed, used since ancient times for hunting small game and now chiefly in racing and coursing.
greying:(especially of hair) becoming grey with age.
grid:Put into or set out as a grid.
gridded:Covered with, forming, or containing a grid.
gridiron:A frame of parallel bars or beams, typically in two sets arranged at right angles.
gridlock:A traffic jam affecting a whole network of intersecting streets.
grids:Put into or set out as a grid.
grief:Deep sorrow, especially that caused by someone's death.
griefs:Intense sorrow, especially caused by someone's death.
grievance:A real or imagined wrong or other cause for complaint or protest, especially unfair treatment.
grievances:A real or imagined cause for complaint, especially unfair treatment.
grieve:Suffer grief.
grieved:Feel intense sorrow.
grieves:Feel intense sorrow.
grieving:Feel intense sorrow.
grievous:(of something bad) very severe or serious.
grievously:To a very severe or serious degree.
griffin:A mythical creature with the head and wings of an eagle and the body of a lion, typically depicted with pointed ears and with the eagle's legs taking the place of the forelegs.
griffins:A mythical creature with the head and wings of an eagle and the body of a lion, typically depicted with pointed ears and with the eagle's legs taking the place of the forelegs.
griffon:A dog of any of several terrier-like breeds originating in northwestern Europe.
grill:Cook (something) using a grill.
grille:A grating or screen of metal bars or wires, placed in front of something as protection or to allow ventilation or discreet observation.
grilled:Cook (food) using a grill.
grilles:A grating or screen of metal bars or wires, placed in front of something as protection or to allow ventilation or discreet observation.
grilling:An intense interrogation or period of questioning.
grills:Cook (food) using a grill.
grim:Forbidding or uninviting.
grimace:An ugly, twisted expression on a person's face, typically expressing disgust, pain, or wry amusement.
grimaced:Make a grimace.
grimaces:Make a grimace.
grimacing:Make a grimace.
grime:Blacken or make dirty with grime.
grimiest:Covered with or characterized by grime.
grimly:In a very serious, gloomy, or depressing manner.
grimm:Family name of brothers Jacob Ludwig Carl (1785–1863) and Wilhelm Carl (1786–1859), German philologists and folklorists. In 1852, they inaugurated a dictionary of German on historical principles, which was eventually completed by other scholars in 1960. They also compiled an anthology of German fairy tales, which appeared in three volumes between 1812 and 1822.
grimmer:Very serious or gloomy.
grimmest:Very serious or gloomy.
grimy:Covered with or characterized by grime.
grin:Smile broadly, especially in an unrestrained manner and with the mouth open.
grind:Reduce (something) to small particles or powder by crushing it.
grinder:A machine used for grinding something.
grinders:A machine used for grinding something.
grinding:The reduction of something to small particles or powder by crushing it.
grinds:Reduce (something) to small particles or powder by crushing it.
grindstone:A thick disk of stone or other abrasive material mounted so as to revolve, used for grinding, sharpening, or polishing metal objects.
grinned:Smile broadly.
grinning:Smiling broadly.
grins:Smile broadly.
grip:Take and keep a firm hold of; grasp tightly.
gripe:Complain about something in a persistent, irritating way.
griped:Complain about something in a persistent, irritating way.
gripes:Complain about something in a persistent, irritating way.
griping:The action or fact of complaining in a persistent, irritating way.
gripped:Take and keep a firm hold of; grasp tightly.
gripping:Firmly holding the attention or interest; exciting.
grips:Take and keep a firm hold of; grasp tightly.
grislier:Causing horror or disgust.
grisliest:Causing horror or disgust.
grisly:Causing horror or disgust.
grist:Grain that is ground to make flour.
gristle:Cartilage, especially when found as tough inedible tissue in meat.
grit:Move with or make a grating sound.
grits:A dish of coarsely ground corn kernels boiled with water or milk.
gritted:Spread grit and often salt on (an icy road)
grittier:Containing or covered with grit.
grittiest:Containing or covered with grit.
gritting:Spread grit and often salt on (an icy road)
gritty:Containing or covered with grit.
grizzled:Having or streaked with gray hair.
grizzlier:An animal of a large race of the brown bear native to North America.
grizzliest:An animal of a large race of the brown bear native to North America.
grizzly:An animal of a large race of the brown bear native to North America.
groan:Make a deep inarticulate sound in response to pain or despair.
groaned:Make a deep inarticulate sound conveying pain, despair, pleasure, etc.
groaning:Denoting a deep inarticulate sound conveying pain, despair, pleasure, etc.
groans:Make a deep inarticulate sound conveying pain, despair, pleasure, etc.
groat:Any of various medieval European coins, in particular an English silver coin worth four old pence, issued between 1351 and 1662.
groats:Hulled or crushed grain, especially oats.
grocer:A person who sells food and small household goods.
groceries:A grocer's shop or business.
grocers:A person who sells food and small household goods.
grocery:A grocer's store or business.
grog:Spirits (originally rum) mixed with water.
groggiest:Dazed, weak, or unsteady, especially from illness, intoxication, sleep, or a blow.
groggy:Dazed, weak, or unsteady, especially from illness, intoxication, sleep, or a blow.
groin:The area between the abdomen and the thigh on either side of the body.
groins:The area between the abdomen and the upper thigh on either side of the body.
grommet:An eyelet placed in a hole in a sheet or panel to protect or insulate a rope or cable passed through it or to prevent the sheet or panel from being torn.
grommets:An eyelet placed in a hole to protect or insulate a rope or cable passed through it or to reinforce the hole.
groom:Brush and clean the coat of (a horse, dog, or other animal)
groomed:Brush and clean the coat of (a horse, dog, or other animal)
grooming:The practice of brushing and cleaning the coat of a horse, dog, or other animal.
grooms:Brush and clean the coat of (a horse, dog, or other animal)
groove:Make a groove or grooves in.
grooved:Provided with or having a groove or grooves.
grooves:Make a groove or grooves in.
groovier:Fashionable and exciting.
grooving:Make a groove or grooves in.
groovy:Fashionable and exciting.
grope:Feel about or search blindly or uncertainly with the hands.
groped:Search blindly or uncertainly by feeling with the hands.
groper:variant spelling of grouper
gropers:variant spelling of grouper
gropes:Search blindly or uncertainly by feeling with the hands.
groping:Search blindly or uncertainly by feeling with the hands.
gross:An amount equal to twelve dozen; 144.
grossed:Produce or earn (an amount of money) as gross profit or income.
grosser:A movie that earns a specified level of gross profit or income.
grossly:In a very obvious and unacceptable manner; flagrantly.
grotesque:A very ugly or comically distorted figure, creature, or image.
grotesquely:In a comically or repulsively ugly or distorted manner.
grotto:A small picturesque cave, especially an artificial one in a park or garden.
grouch:A habitually grumpy person.
grouchy:Irritable and bad-tempered; grumpy; complaining.
ground:Prohibit or prevent (a pilot or an aircraft) from flying.
grounded:Well balanced and sensible.
grounding:Basic training or instruction in a subject.
groundless:Not based on any good reason.
groundnut:another term for peanut
groundnuts:another term for peanut
grounds:Prohibit or prevent (a pilot or an aircraft) from flying.
groundsheet:another term for ground cloth
groundsman:A person who maintains an athletic field, a park, or the grounds of a school or other institution; a groundskeeper.
groundswell:A buildup of opinion or feeling in a large section of the population.
groundwater:Water held underground in the soil or in pores and crevices in rock.
groundwork:Preliminary or basic work.
group:Put together or place in a group or groups.
grouped:Put in a group or groups.
grouper:A large or very large heavy-bodied fish of the sea bass family, with a big head and wide mouth, found in warm seas.
groupie:A person, especially a young woman, who regularly follows a pop music group or other celebrity in the hope of meeting or getting to know them.
groupies:A young woman who regularly follows a pop group or other celebrity, especially in the hope of having a sexual relationship with them.
grouping:A set of people acting together with a common interest or purpose, especially within a larger organization.
groupings:A set of associated people acting together, especially within a larger organization.
groups:Put in a group or groups.
grouse:A medium to large game bird with a plump body and feathered legs, the male being larger and more conspicuously colored than the female.
grouses:A medium to large game bird with a plump body and feathered legs, the male being larger and more brightly coloured than the female.
grout:Fill in with grout.
grouting:Grout, especially when hardened.
grove:A small wood, orchard, or group of trees.
grovel:Lie or crawl abjectly on the ground with one's face downward.
grovelled:Lie or crawl abjectly on the ground with one's face downwards.
grovelling:Obsequious behaviour aimed at obtaining forgiveness or favour.
grovels:Lie or crawl abjectly on the ground with one's face downwards.
groves:A small wood or other group of trees.
grow:(of a living thing) undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically; progress to maturity.
grower:A person who grows a particular type of crop.
growers:A person who grows a particular type of crop.
growing:(of a living thing) undergoing natural development by increasing in size and changing physically.
growl:(of an animal, especially a dog) make a low guttural sound in the throat.
growled:(of an animal, especially a dog) make a low guttural sound in the throat.
growler:A person or thing that growls.
growling:A low guttural noise made in the throat, especially by a dog, to indicate hostility.
growls:(of an animal, especially a dog) make a low guttural sound in the throat.
grown:(of a living thing) undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically.
grownup:(especially in children's use) an adult.
grownups:(especially in children's use) an adult.
grows:(of a living thing) undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically.
growth:The process of increasing in physical size.
growths:The process of increasing in size.
grub:Dig or poke superficially at the earth; dig shallowly in soil.
grubbed:Dig or poke about in soil.
grubbier:Covered with dirt; grimy.
grubbiest:Covered with dirt; grimy.
grubbing:Dig or poke about in soil.
grubby:Dirty; grimy.
grubs:Dig or poke about in soil.
grudge:Be resentfully unwilling to give, grant, or allow (something)
grudges:Be resentfully unwilling to give or allow (something)
grudging:Given, granted, or allowed only reluctantly or resentfully.
grudgingly:In a reluctant or resentful manner.
gruel:A thin liquid food of oatmeal or other meal boiled in milk or water.
grueling:Extremely tiring and demanding.
gruelling:Extremely tiring and demanding.
gruesome:Causing repulsion or horror; grisly.
gruff:(of a voice) rough and low in pitch.
grumble:Complain about something in a bad-tempered way.
grumbled:Complain about something in a bad-tempered way.
grumbles:Complain about something in a bad-tempered way.
grumbling:The action or fact of complaining in a bad-tempered way.
grumblings:The action or fact of complaining in a bad-tempered way.
grumpier:Bad-tempered and irritable.
grumpiest:Bad-tempered and irritable.
grumps:Act in a sulky, grumbling manner.
grumpy:Bad-tempered and irritable.
grunge:Grime; dirt.
grunt:(of an animal, especially a pig) make a low, short guttural sound.
grunted:(of an animal, especially a pig) make a low, short guttural sound.
grunter:A fish that makes a grunting noise, especially when caught.
grunting:(of an animal, especially a pig) make a low, short guttural sound.
grunts:(of an animal, especially a pig) make a low, short guttural sound.
guacamole:A dish of mashed avocado mixed with chopped onion, tomatoes, chili peppers, and seasoning.
guanaco:A wild Andean mammal similar to the domestic llama, which is probably derived from it. It has a valuable pale brown pelt.
guanine:A compound that occurs in guano and fish scales, and is one of the four constituent bases of nucleic acids. A purine derivative, it is paired with cytosine in double-stranded DNA.
guano:The excrement of seabirds and bats, used as fertilizer.
guarantee:A formal promise or assurance (typically in writing) that certain conditions will be fulfilled, especially that a product will be repaired or replaced if not of a specified quality and durability.
guaranteed:For which a guarantee is provided; formally assured.
guaranteeing:Provide a formal assurance, especially that certain conditions will be fulfilled relating to a product, service, or transaction.
guarantees:Provide a formal assurance, especially that certain conditions will be fulfilled relating to a product, service, or transaction.
guarantor:A person, organization, or thing that guarantees something.
guarantors:A person or thing that gives or acts as a guarantee.
guard:Watch over in order to protect or control.
guarded:Cautious and having possible reservations.
guardhouse:A building used to accommodate a military guard or to detain military prisoners.
guardian:A defender, protector, or keeper.
guardians:A person who protects or defends something.
guardianship:The position of protecting or defending something.
guarding:Watch over in order to protect or control.
guardroom:A room in a military base used to accommodate a guard or detain prisoners.
guards:Watch over in order to protect or control.
guardsman:(in the US) a member of the National Guard.
guardsmen:(in the UK) a soldier of a regiment of Guards.
guava:An edible, pale orange tropical fruit with pink juicy flesh and a strong sweet aroma.
guavas:An edible, pale orange tropical fruit with pink juicy flesh and a strong sweet aroma.
gubernatorial:Relating to a state governor or the office of state governor.
gudgeon:A small edible European freshwater fish, often used as bait by anglers.
guerilla:A member of a small independent group taking part in irregular fighting, typically against larger regular forces.
guerillas:A member of a small independent group taking part in irregular fighting, typically against larger regular forces.
guerrilla:A member of a small independent group taking part in irregular fighting, typically against larger regular forces.
guerrillas:A member of a small independent group taking part in irregular fighting, typically against larger regular forces.
guess:Estimate or suppose (something) without sufficient information to be sure of being correct.
guessed:Estimate or conclude (something) without sufficient information to be sure of being correct.
guesses:Estimate or conclude (something) without sufficient information to be sure of being correct.
guessing:Estimate or conclude (something) without sufficient information to be sure of being correct.
guesswork:The process or results of guessing.
guest:A person who is invited to visit the home of or take part in a function organized by another.
guesting:Appear as a temporary or visiting performer or participant in a television or radio programme or other entertainment.
guests:Appear as a temporary or visiting performer or participant in a television or radio programme or other entertainment.
guffaw:A loud and boisterous laugh.
guffawed:Laugh loudly and heartily.
guffaws:Laugh loudly and heartily.
guidance:Advice or information aimed at resolving a problem or difficulty, especially as given by someone in authority.
guide:Show or indicate the way to (someone)
guidebook:A book of information about a place, designed for the use of visitors or tourists.
guidebooks:A book of information about a place, designed for the use of visitors or tourists.
guided:Conducted by a guide.
guideline:A general rule, principle, or piece of advice.
guidelines:A general rule, principle, or piece of advice.
guides:Show or indicate the way to (someone)
guiding:Show or indicate the way to (someone)
guild:A medieval association of craftsmen or merchants, often having considerable power.
guilder:The basic monetary unit of the Netherlands (until the introduction of the euro), equal to 100 cents.
guilders:(until the introduction of the euro in 2002) the basic monetary unit of the Netherlands, equal to 100 cents.
guilds:A medieval association of craftsmen or merchants, often having considerable power.
guile:Sly or cunning intelligence.
guileless:Devoid of guile; innocent and without deception.
guillemot:An auk (seabird) with a narrow pointed bill, typically nesting on cliff ledges.
guillemots:An auk (seabird) with a narrow pointed bill, typically nesting on cliff ledges.
guillotine:Execute (someone) by guillotine.
guillotined:Execute (someone) by guillotine.
guillotines:Execute (someone) by guillotine.
guillotining:Execute (someone) by guillotine.
guilt:Make (someone) feel guilty, especially in order to induce them to do something.
guiltier:Culpable of or responsible for a specified wrongdoing.
guiltiest:Culpable of or responsible for a specified wrongdoing.
guiltless:Having no guilt; innocent.
guilts:Make (someone) feel guilty, especially in order to induce them to do something.
guilty:Culpable of or responsible for a specified wrongdoing.
guinea:The sum of £1.05 (21 shillings in predecimal currency), now used mainly for determining professional fees and auction prices.A former British gold coin that was first minted in 1663 from gold imported from West Africa, with a value that was later fixed at 21 shillings. It was replaced by the sovereign from 1817.
guineas:The sum of £1.05 (21 shillings in pre-decimal currency), now used mainly for determining professional fees and auction prices.A former British gold coin that was first minted in 1663 from gold imported from West Africa, with a value that was later fixed at 21 shillings. It was replaced by the sovereign from 1817.
guise:An external form, appearance, or manner of presentation, typically concealing the true nature of something.
guises:An external form, appearance, or manner of presentation, typically concealing the true nature of something.
guitar:A stringed musical instrument, with a fretted fingerboard, typically incurved sides, and six or twelve strings, played by plucking or strumming with the fingers or a plectrum.
guitarist:A person who plays the guitar.
guitarists:A person who plays the guitar.
guitars:A stringed musical instrument, with a fretted fingerboard, typically incurved sides, and six or twelve strings, played by plucking or strumming with the fingers or a plectrum.
gulf:A deep inlet of the sea almost surrounded by land, with a narrow mouth.
gulfs:A deep inlet of the sea almost surrounded by land, with a narrow mouth.
gull:A long-winged web-footed seabird with a raucous call, typically having white plumage with a gray or black mantle.
gullet:The passage by which food passes from the mouth to the stomach; the esophagus.
gullets:The passage by which food passes from the mouth to the stomach; the oesophagus.
gulley:(of water) make gullies or deep channels in (land)
gulleys:(of water) make gullies or deep channels in (land)
gullibility:A tendency to be easily persuaded that something is real or true; credulity.
gullible:Easily persuaded to believe something; credulous.
gullies:(of water) make gullies or deep channels in (land)
gulls:A long-winged web-footed seabird with a raucous call, typically having white plumage with a grey or black mantle.
gully:(of water) make gullies or deep channels in (land)
gulp:Swallow (drink or food) quickly or in large mouthfuls, often audibly.
gulped:Swallow (drink or food) quickly or in large mouthfuls, often audibly.
gulping:Swallow (drink or food) quickly or in large mouthfuls, often audibly.
gulps:Swallow (drink or food) quickly or in large mouthfuls, often audibly.
gum:Cover with gum or glue.
gumboil:A small swelling formed on the gum over an abscess at the root of a tooth.
gumboils:A small swelling formed on the gum over an abscess at the root of a tooth.
gumboots:A long rubber boot; a wellington.
gumdrop:A firm, translucent candy made with gelatin or gum arabic.
gumdrops:A firm, translucent sweet made with gelatin or gum arabic.
gummed:Covered with gum or glue.
gumming:Cover with gum or glue.
gums:Cover with gum or glue.
gumshoe:A detective.
gun:Cause (an engine) to race.
gunboat:A small, fast ship mounting guns, for use in shallow coastal waters and rivers.
gunboats:A small fast ship with guns mounted on it, for use in shallow coastal waters and rivers.
gunfight:A fight involving an exchange of fire with guns.
gunfire:The repeated firing of a gun or guns.
gunite:A mixture of cement, sand, and water applied through a pressure hose, producing a dense hard layer of concrete used in building for lining tunnels and structural repairs.
gunk:An unpleasantly sticky or messy substance.
gunman:A man who uses a gun to commit a crime or terrorist act.
gunmen:A man who uses a gun to commit a crime or terrorist act.
gunmetal:A gray, corrosion-resistant form of bronze containing zinc, formerly used for making cannon.
gunned:Having guns, especially of a specified type or amount.
gunner:A member of the armed forces who operates or specializes in guns.
gunners:A member of the armed forces who operates or specializes in guns.
gunnery:The design, manufacture, or firing of heavy guns.
gunpoint:Used in reference to the use of a gun to threaten someone.
gunpowder:An explosive consisting of a powdered mixture of saltpeter, sulfur, and charcoal. The earliest known propellant explosive, gunpowder has now largely been superseded by high explosives, although it is still used for quarry blasting and in fuses and fireworks.
guns:Cause (an engine) to race.
gunship:An airplane or a helicopter heavily armed with machine guns or with machine guns and cannon, providing air support for ground troops in combat.
gunships:A heavily armed helicopter.
gunshot:A shot fired from a gun.
gunshots:A shot fired from a gun.
gunsight:A device on a gun that enables it to be aimed accurately.
gunsmith:A person who makes, sells, and repairs small firearms.
gunsmiths:A person who makes, sells, and repairs small firearms.
gunwale:The upper edge of the side of a boat or ship.
gunwales:The upper edge or planking of the side of a boat or ship.
guppies:A small live-bearing freshwater fish widely kept in aquaria. Native to tropical America, it has been introduced elsewhere to control mosquito larvae.
guppy:A small, livebearing freshwater fish widely kept in aquariums. Native to tropical America, it has been introduced elsewhere to control mosquito larvae.
gurgle:Make a hollow bubbling sound like that made by water running out of a bottle.
gurgled:Make a hollow bubbling sound like that made by water running out of a bottle.
gurgles:Make a hollow bubbling sound like that made by water running out of a bottle.
gurgling:Making or characterized by a hollow bubbling sound.
guru:(in Hinduism and Buddhism) a spiritual teacher, especially one who imparts initiation.
gurus:A Hindu spiritual teacher.
gush:(of a liquid) flow out in a rapid and plentiful stream, often suddenly.
gushed:(of a liquid) flow out of something in a rapid and plentiful stream.
gusher:An oil well from which oil flows profusely without being pumped.
gushes:(of a liquid) flow out of something in a rapid and plentiful stream.
gushing:(of speech or writing) effusive or exaggeratedly enthusiastic.
gusset:A piece of material sewn into a garment to strengthen or enlarge a part of it, such as the collar of a shirt or the crotch of an undergarment.
gust:A brief, strong rush of wind.
gusted:(of the wind) blow in gusts.
gustier:Characterized by or blowing in gusts.
gustiest:Characterized by or blowing in gusts.
gusting:(of the wind) blow in gusts.
gusto:Enjoyment or vigor in doing something; zest.
gusts:(of the wind) blow in gusts.
gusty:Characterized by or blowing in gusts.
gut:Take out the intestines and other internal organs of (a fish or other animal) before cooking it.
gutless:Lacking courage or determination.
guts:Remove the intestines and other internal organs from (a fish or other animal) before cooking it.
gutsier:Having or showing courage, determination, and spirit.
gutsy:Showing courage, determination, and spirit.
gutted:Bitterly disappointed or upset.
gutter:(of a candle or flame) flicker and burn unsteadily.
guttered:Very drunk.
guttering:The gutters of a building.
gutters:(of a candle or flame) flicker and burn unsteadily.
guttersnipe:A scruffy and badly behaved child who spends most of their time on the street.
guttersnipes:A scruffy and badly behaved child who spends most of their time on the street.
gutting:Bitterly disappointing or upsetting.
guttural:A guttural consonant (e.g. k, g) or other speech sound.
guy:Make fun of; ridicule.
guys:Make fun of; ridicule.
guzzle:Eat or drink (something) greedily.
guzzled:Eat or drink (something) greedily.
guzzler:A person who eats or drinks something greedily.
guzzlers:A person who eats or drinks something greedily.
guzzling:Eat or drink (something) greedily.
gym:A gymnasium.
gymkhana:A day event comprising races and other competitions between horse riders or car drivers.
gymnasia:A room or building equipped for gymnastics, games, and other physical exercise.
gymnasium:A room or building equipped for gymnastics, games, and other physical exercise.
gymnasiums:A room or building equipped for gymnastics, games, and other physical exercise.
gymnast:A person trained or skilled in gymnastics.
gymnastic:Relating to gymnastics.
gymnastics:Exercises developing or displaying physical agility and coordination. The modern sport of gymnastics typically involves exercises on uneven bars, balance beam, floor, and vaulting horse (for women), and horizontal and parallel bars, rings, floor, and pommel horse (for men).
gymnasts:A person trained or skilled in gymnastics.
gyms:A gymnasium.
gynaecological:Relating to the branch of physiology and medicine which deals with the functions and diseases specific to women and girls, especially those affecting the reproductive system.
gynaecologist:A physician or surgeon qualified to practise in gynaecology.
gynaecologists:A physician or surgeon qualified to practise in gynaecology.
gynaecology:The branch of physiology and medicine which deals with the functions and diseases specific to women and girls, especially those affecting the reproductive system.
gypsies:A member of a people originating in South Asia and traditionally having an itinerant way of life, living widely dispersed across Europe and North and South America and speaking a language (Romani) that is related to Hindi; a Romani person.
gypsum:A soft white or gray mineral consisting of hydrated calcium sulfate. It occurs chiefly in sedimentary deposits and is used to make plaster of Paris and fertilizers, and in the building industry.
gypsy:A member of a people originating in South Asia and traditionally having an itinerant way of life, living widely dispersed across Europe and North and South America and speaking a language (Romani) that is related to Hindi; a Romani person.
gyrate:Move or cause to move in a circle or spiral, especially quickly.
gyrated:Move or cause to move rapidly in a circle or spiral.
gyrates:Move or cause to move rapidly in a circle or spiral.
gyrating:Move or cause to move rapidly in a circle or spiral.
gyration:A rapid movement in a circle or spiral; a whirling motion.
gyrations:A rapid movement in a circle or spiral; a whirling motion.
gyromagnetic:Relating to the magnetic and mechanical properties of a rotating charged particle.
gyroscope:A device consisting of a wheel or disk mounted so that it can spin rapidly about an axis which is itself free to alter in direction. The orientation of the axis is not affected by tilting of the mounting, so gyroscopes can be used to provide stability or maintain a reference direction in navigation systems, automatic pilots, and stabilizers.
gyroscopes:A device consisting of a wheel or disc mounted so that it can spin rapidly about an axis which is itself free to alter in direction. The orientation of the axis is not affected by tilting of the mounting, so gyroscopes can be used to provide stability or maintain a reference direction in navigation systems, automatic pilots, and stabilizers.
ha:Used to express surprise, suspicion, triumph, or some other emotion.
haberdasher:A dealer in men's clothing.
haberdashers:A dealer in small items used in sewing, such as buttons, zips, and thread.
haberdashery:Men's clothing and accessories.
habit:Dress; clothe.
habitable:Suitable or good enough to live in.
habitat:The natural home or environment of an animal, plant, or other organism.
habitation:The state or process of living in a particular place.
habitations:The fact of living in a particular place.
habitats:The natural home or environment of an animal, plant, or other organism.
habits:Be dressed or clothed.
habitual:Done or doing constantly or as a habit.
habitually:By way of habit; customarily.
habituate:Make or become accustomed or used to something.
habituated:Make or become accustomed or used to something.
habituation:The action of habituating or the condition of being habituated.
hacienda:(in Spanish-speaking regions) a large estate or plantation with a dwelling house.
hack:Cut with rough or heavy blows.
hackable:(in computing contexts) capable of being hacked.
hacked:Cut with rough or heavy blows.
hacker:A person who uses computers to gain unauthorized access to data.
hackers:A person who uses computers to gain unauthorized access to data.
hacking:The gaining of unauthorized access to data in a system or computer.
hackle:Dress or comb with a hackle.
hackles:Dress or comb (flax) with a hackle.
hackling:Dress or comb (flax) with a hackle.
hackney:A horse or pony of a light breed with a high-stepping trot, used in harness.
hackneyed:(of a phrase or idea) lacking significance through having been overused; unoriginal and trite.
hacks:Cut with rough or heavy blows.
hacksaw:Cut (something) using a hacksaw.
had:Possess, own, or hold.Possess (a quality, characteristic, or feature)Provide or indulge oneself with (something)Be made up of; comprise.Used to indicate a particular relationship.Be able to make use of (something available or at one's disposal)Have gained (a qualification)Possess as an intellectual attainment; know (a language or subject)
haddock:A silvery-gray bottom-dwelling fish of North Atlantic coastal waters, related to the cod. It is popular as a food fish and is of great commercial value.
haddocks:A silvery-grey bottom-dwelling fish of North Atlantic coastal waters, related to the cod. It is popular as a food fish and is of great commercial value.
hades:The underworld; the abode of the spirits of the dead.
hadron:A subatomic particle of a type including the baryons and mesons, which can take part in the strong interaction.
hadrons:A subatomic particle of a type including the baryons and mesons, which can take part in the strong interaction.
haematology:The branch of medicine involving study and treatment of the blood.
haematoma:A solid swelling of clotted blood within the tissues.
haematuria:The presence of blood in urine.
haemoglobin:A red protein responsible for transporting oxygen in the blood of vertebrates. Its molecule comprises four subunits, each containing an iron atom bound to a haem group.
haemolytic:Relating to or involving the rupture or destruction of red blood cells.
haemophilia:A medical condition in which the ability of the blood to clot is severely reduced, causing the sufferer to bleed severely from even a slight injury. The condition is typically caused by a hereditary lack of a coagulation factor, most often factor VIII.
haemorrhage:(of a person) suffer a haemorrhage.
haemorrhages:(of a person) suffer a haemorrhage.
haemorrhagic:Accompanied by or produced by haemorrhage.
haemorrhaging:(of a person) suffer a haemorrhage.
haemorrhoid:A swollen vein or group of veins in the region of the anus.
haemorrhoids:A swollen vein or group of veins in the region of the anus.
haft:Provide (a blade, axe head, or spearhead) with a haft.
hafts:Provide (a blade, axe head, or spearhead) with a haft.
hag:A witch, especially one in the form of an ugly old woman (often used as a term of disparagement for a woman)
haggard:A haggard hawk.
haggis:A Scottish dish consisting of a sheep's or calf's offal mixed with suet, oatmeal, and seasoning and boiled in a bag, traditionally one made from the animal's stomach.
haggle:Dispute or bargain persistently, especially over the cost of something.
haggled:Dispute or bargain persistently, especially over the cost of something.
haggling:Dispute or bargain persistently, especially over the cost of something.
hagiography:The writing of the lives of saints.
hags:A witch.
haha:A ditch with a wall on its inner side below ground level, forming a boundary to a park or garden without interrupting the view.
haiku:A Japanese poem of seventeen syllables, in three lines of five, seven, and five, traditionally evoking images of the natural world.
hail:Pellets of frozen rain which fall in showers from cumulonimbus clouds.
hailed:Hail falls.
hailing:Hail falls.
hails:Hail falls.
hailstone:A pellet of hail.
hailstones:A pellet of hail.
hailstorm:A storm of heavy hail.
hailstorms:A storm of heavy hail.
hair:Any of the fine threadlike strands growing from the skin of humans, mammals, and some other animals.
hairbrush:A brush for arranging or smoothing a person's hair.
haircare:The care of one's hair.
haircut:The style in which a person's hair is cut.
haircuts:The style in which a person's hair is cut.
hairdo:The way in which a person's hair is styled.
hairdresser:A person who cuts and styles hair as an occupation.
hairdressers:A person who cuts and styles hair as an occupation.
hairdressing:The occupation of cutting and styling hair.
haired:Having hair of a specified kind.
hairier:Covered with hair.
hairiest:Covered with hair.
hairless:Lacking hair; bare or bald.
hairline:The edge of a person's hair, especially on the forehead.
hairnet:A piece of fine mesh fabric for confining the hair.
hairpiece:A quantity or switch of detached hair used to augment a person's natural hair.
hairpin:A U-shaped pin for fastening the hair.
hairpins:A U-shaped pin for fastening the hair.
hairs:Any of the fine threadlike strands growing from the skin of humans, mammals, and some other animals.
hairsplitting:The action of making small and overfine distinctions; quibbling.
hairspray:A solution sprayed on to a person's hair to keep it in place.
hairsprays:A solution sprayed on to a person's hair to keep it in place.
hairstyle:A particular way in which a person's hair is cut or arranged.
hairstyles:A particular way in which a person's hair is cut or arranged.
hairstyling:The action or skill of cutting and styling hair.
hairy:Covered with hair, especially thick or long hair.
haiti:A country in the Caribbean Sea that occupies the western third of the island of Hispaniola; population 10,700,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Port-au-Prince; official languages, Haitian Creole and French.
haitian:A native or inhabitant of Haiti.
hake:A large-headed elongated fish with long jaws and strong teeth. It is a valuable commercial food fish.
hakea:Any member of the genus Hakea (family Proteaceae), comprising trees and shrubs native to Australia, many of which have needle-like or spiny leaves and pincushion-like compound inflorescences with projecting stigmas; a needlebush or needlewood. Also (in form Hakea): the genus itself.
hale:(of a person, especially an elderly one) strong and healthy.
half:To the extent of half.
halfhearted:Without enthusiasm or energy.
halfheartedly:Without enthusiasm or energy.
halfway:At or to a point midway between two others.
halibut:A northern marine fish which is the largest of the flatfishes and important as a food fish.
halifax:The capital of Nova Scotia, Canada; population 372,679 (2006). It is Canada's principal ice-free port on the Atlantic coast.
halite:Sodium chloride as a mineral, typically occurring as colorless cubic crystals; rock salt.
hall:An area in a building onto which rooms open; a corridor.
hallmark:Stamp with a hallmark.
hallmarks:Stamp with a hallmark.
hallo:Say or shout ‘hello’
hallow:Honor as holy.
hallowed:Made holy; consecrated.
hallows:Honour as holy.
halls:The room or space just inside the front entrance of a house or flat.
hallucinate:Experience a seemingly real perception of something not actually present, typically as a result of a mental disorder or of taking drugs.
hallucinated:Experience a seemingly real perception of something not actually present, typically as a result of a mental disorder or of taking drugs.
hallucinating:Experience a seemingly real perception of something not actually present, typically as a result of a mental disorder or of taking drugs.
hallucination:An experience involving the apparent perception of something not present.
hallucinations:An experience involving the apparent perception of something not present.
hallucinatory:Of or resembling a hallucination.
halo:Surround with or as if with a halo.
haloed:Surround with or as if with a halo.
halogen:Any of the elements fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine, and astatine, occupying group VIIA (17) of the periodic table. They are reactive nonmetallic elements that form strongly acidic compounds with hydrogen from which simple salts can be made.
halogenated:(of a compound or molecule) containing one or more added halogen atoms, usually in place of hydrogen.
halogens:Any of the elements fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine, and astatine, occupying group VIIA (17) of the periodic table. They are reactive non-metallic elements that form strongly acidic compounds with hydrogen from which simple salts can be made.
halon:Any of a number of unreactive gaseous compounds of carbon with bromine and other halogens, used in fire extinguishers, but now known to damage the ozone layer.
halons:Any of a number of unreactive gaseous compounds of carbon with bromine and other halogens, used in fire extinguishers, but now known to damage the ozone layer.
halt:Bring or come to an abrupt stop.
halted:Bring or come to an abrupt stop.
halter:Put a halter on (an animal)
haltered:Put a halter on (an animal)
halters:Put a halter on (an animal)
halting:Slow and hesitant, especially through lack of confidence; faltering.
halts:Bring or come to an abrupt stop.
halve:Divide into two parts of equal or roughly equal size.
halved:Divide into two parts of equal or roughly equal size.
halves:To the extent of half.
halving:Reduction by half.
ham:Meat from the upper part of a pig's leg salted and dried or smoked.
hamburg:A port in northern Germany, on the Elbe River; population 1,754,200 (est. 2006). Founded by Charlemagne in the 9th century, it is now the largest port in Germany.
hamburger:A round patty of ground beef, fried or grilled and typically served on a bun or roll and garnished with various condiments.
hamburgers:A flat round cake of minced beef, fried or grilled and typically served in a bread roll garnished with various condiments; a burger.
hamitic:Of or denoting a hypothetical language family formerly proposed to comprise Berber, ancient Egyptian, the Cushitic languages, and the Chadic languages. These are now recognized as independent branches of the Afro-Asiatic family.
hamlet:A small settlement, generally one smaller than a village.
hamlets:A small settlement, generally one smaller than a village, and strictly (in Britain) one without a church.
hammer:Hit or beat (something) with a hammer or similar object.
hammered:Very drunk.
hammerhead:A shark of tropical and temperate oceans that has flattened blade-like extensions on either side of the head, with the eyes and nostrils placed at or near the ends.
hammering:The sound or action of hammering something.
hammers:Hit or beat (something) repeatedly with a hammer or similar object.
hammock:A bed made of canvas or of rope mesh and suspended by cords at the ends, used as garden furniture or on board a ship.
hammocks:A bed made of canvas or rope mesh suspended from two supports by cords at both ends.
hamper:A large basket with a lid used for laundry.
hampered:A basket with a carrying handle and a hinged lid, used for food, cutlery, and plates on a picnic.
hampering:A basket with a carrying handle and a hinged lid, used for food, cutlery, and plates on a picnic.
hampers:A basket with a carrying handle and a hinged lid, used for food, cutlery, and plates on a picnic.
hams:Salted or smoked meat from the upper part of a pig's leg.
hamster:A solitary burrowing rodent with a short tail and large cheek pouches for carrying food, native to Europe and northern Asia.
hamsters:A solitary burrowing rodent with a short tail and large cheek pouches for carrying food, native to Europe and North Asia.
hamstring:Cripple (a person or animal) by cutting their hamstrings.
hamstrings:Cripple (a person or animal) by cutting their hamstrings.
hamstrung:Cripple (a person or animal) by cutting their hamstrings.
hand:Pick (something) up and give it to (someone)
handbag:A woman's purse.
handbags:Verbally attack or crush (a person or idea) ruthlessly and forcefully (typically used of a woman)
handball:A game similar to squash in which a ball is hit with the hand in a walled court.
handbasin:A washbasin.
handbell:A small bell with a handle or strap, especially one of a set tuned to a range of notes and played by a group of people.
handbill:A small printed advertisement or other notice distributed by hand.
handbills:A small printed advertisement or other notice distributed by hand.
handbook:A book giving information such as facts on a particular subject or instructions for operating a machine.
handbooks:A book giving information such as facts on a particular subject or instructions for operating a machine.
handbrake:The emergency or parking brake on a motor vehicle.
handbrakes:A brake operated by hand, used to hold an already stationary vehicle.
handcar:A light railroad vehicle propelled by pushing cranks or levers and used by workers for inspecting the track.
handcart:A small cart pushed or drawn by hand.
handcuff:Put handcuffs on (someone)
handcuffed:Put handcuffs on (someone)
handcuffing:Put handcuffs on (someone)
handcuffs:Put handcuffs on (someone)
handed:Pick (something) up and give it to (someone)
handedness:The tendency to use either the right or the left hand more naturally than the other.
handful:A quantity that fills the hand.
handfuls:A quantity that fills the hand.
handgun:A gun designed for use by one hand, especially a pistol or revolver.
handguns:A gun designed for use by one hand; a pistol.
handhold:Hold (a camera) in the hand when taking a photograph or making a video recording, as opposed to using a tripod.
handholds:Hold (a camera) in the hand when taking a photograph or making a video recording, as opposed to using a tripod.
handicap:Act as an impediment to.
handicapped:Having a condition that markedly restricts one's ability to function physically, mentally, or socially.
handicapping:Act as an impediment to.
handicaps:Act as an impediment to.
handicraft:A particular skill of making decorative objects by hand.
handicrafts:Activity involving the making of decorative domestic or other objects by hand.
handier:(in Europe) a mobile phone.
handiest:(in Europe) a mobile phone.
handily:In a skillful manner.
handing:Pick (something) up and give it to (someone)
handiwork:Something that one has made or done.
handkerchief:A square of cotton or other finely woven material, typically carried in one's pocket and intended for blowing or wiping one's nose.
handkerchiefs:A square of cotton or other finely woven material intended for wiping one's nose.
handle:Feel or manipulate with the hands.
handlebar:The steering bar of a bicycle, motorcycle, scooter, or other vehicle, with a handgrip at each end.
handlebars:The steering bar of a bicycle, motorbike, scooter, or other vehicle, with a handgrip at each end.
handled:Having a handle or handles, especially of a specified type or number.
handler:A person who handles or deals with certain articles or commodities.
handlers:A person who handles or deals with certain articles or commodities.
handles:Feel or manipulate with the hands.
handling:The act of taking or holding something in the hands.
handmade:Made by hand, not by machine, and typically therefore of superior quality.
handmaiden:another term for handmaid
handmaidens:another term for handmaid
handout:Something given free to a needy person or organization.
handouts:A quantity of financial or other material aid given to a person or organization.
handover:An act or instance of handing something over.
handovers:An act or instance of handing something over.
handpicked:Selected carefully with a particular purpose in mind.
handrail:A rail fixed to posts or a wall for people to hold on to for support.
handrails:A rail fixed to posts or a wall for people to hold on to for support.
hands:Pick (something) up and give it to (someone)
handset:A mobile phone.
handshake:An act of shaking a person's hand with one's own, used as a greeting or to finalize an agreement.
handshakes:An act of shaking a person's hand with one's own as a greeting.
handshaking:The action of shaking hands with a person.
handsome:(of a man) good-looking.
handsomely:In a smart and attractive manner or style; elegantly.
handsomer:(of a man) good-looking.
handsomest:(of a man) good-looking.
handstand:An act of balancing on one's hands with one's feet in the air or against a wall.
handstands:An act of balancing on one's hands with one's feet in the air or against a wall.
handwriting:Writing with a pen or pencil.
handwritten:Written with a pen, pencil, or other handheld implement.
handy:Convenient to handle or use; useful.
handyman:A person able or employed to do occasional domestic repairs and minor renovations.
handymen:A person able or employed to do occasional domestic repairs and minor renovations.
hang:Suspend or be suspended from above with the lower part dangling free.
hangar:Place or store in a hangar.
hangars:House (an aircraft) in a hangar.
hangdog:Having a dejected or guilty appearance; shamefaced.
hanged:Suspend or be suspended from above with the lower part dangling free.
hanger:A person who hangs something.
hangers:A person who hangs something.
hanging:The practice of hanging condemned people as a form of capital punishment.
hangings:The practice of hanging condemned people as a form of capital punishment.
hangman:An executioner who hangs condemned people.
hangmen:An executioner who hangs condemned people.
hangouts:A place one lives in or frequently visits.
hangover:A severe headache or other after effects caused by drinking an excess of alcohol.
hangovers:A severe headache or other after-effects caused by drinking an excess of alcohol.
hangs:Suspend or be suspended from above with the lower part dangling free.
hangup:An emotional problem or inhibition.
hanker:Feel a strong desire for or to do something.
hankered:Feel a strong desire for or to do something.
hankering:A strong desire to have or do something.
hankers:Feel a strong desire for or to do something.
hankie:A handkerchief.
hankies:A handkerchief.
hanoi:The capital of Vietnam, situated on the Red River in the north of the country; population 2,632,100 (est. 2009). It was the capital of French Indo-China from 1887 to 1946 and of North Vietnam before the reunification of North and South Vietnam.
hanover:An industrial city in northwestern Germany, the capital of Lower Saxony, on the Mittelland Canal; population 516,300 (est. 2006). German name Hannover.
hansard:The official record of debates in the British, Canadian, Australian, or New Zealand parliament.
hansom:A two-wheeled horse-drawn carriage accommodating two inside, with the driver seated behind.
haphazard:Lacking any obvious principle of organization.
haphazardly:In a manner lacking any obvious principle of organization.
hapless:(especially of a person) unfortunate.
happen:Take place; occur.
happened:Take place; occur.
happening:An event or occurrence.
happenings:An event or occurrence.
happens:Take place; occur.
happier:Feeling or showing pleasure or contentment.
happiest:Feeling or showing pleasure or contentment.
happily:In a happy way.
happiness:The state of being happy.
happy:Feeling or showing pleasure or contentment.
harangue:Lecture (someone) at length in an aggressive and critical manner.
harangued:Lecture (someone) at length in an aggressive and critical manner.
harangues:Lecture (someone) at length in an aggressive and critical manner.
haranguing:Lecture (someone) at length in an aggressive and critical manner.
harare:The capital of Zimbabwe; population 1,696,000 (est. 2009).
harass:Subject to aggressive pressure or intimidation.
harassed:Feeling or looking strained through having too many demands made on one.
harasses:Subject to aggressive pressure or intimidation.
harassing:The action of subjecting someone to aggressive pressure or intimidation.
harassment:Aggressive pressure or intimidation.
harbinger:A person or thing that announces or signals the approach of another.
harbingers:A person or thing that announces or signals the approach of another.
harbour:Keep (a thought or feeling, typically a negative one) in one's mind, especially secretly.
harboured:Keep (a thought or feeling, typically a negative one) in one's mind, especially secretly.
harbouring:Keep (a thought or feeling, typically a negative one) in one's mind, especially secretly.
harbours:Keep (a thought or feeling, typically a negative one) in one's mind, especially secretly.
hard:With a great deal of effort.
hardback:A book bound in stiff covers; a hardcover.
hardbacks:A book bound in stiff covers.
hardboard:Stiff board made of compressed and treated wood pulp.
hardcore:The most active, committed, or strict members of a group or movement.
harden:Make or become hard or harder.
hardened:Having become or been made hard or harder.
hardening:Make or become hard or harder.
hardens:Make or become hard or harder.
harder:With a great deal of effort.
hardest:With a great deal of effort.
hardheaded:Practical and realistic; not sentimental.
hardhearted:Incapable of being moved to pity or tenderness; unfeeling.
hardier:Capable of enduring difficult conditions; robust.
hardiest:Capable of enduring difficult conditions; robust.
hardiness:The ability to endure difficult conditions.
hardliner:A member of a group, typically a political group, who adheres uncompromisingly to a set of ideas or policies.
hardliners:A member of a group, typically a political group, who adheres uncompromisingly to a set of ideas or policies.
hardly:Scarcely (used to qualify a statement by saying that it is true to an insignificant degree)
hardness:The quality or condition of being hard.
hardship:Severe suffering or privation.
hardships:Severe suffering or privation.
hardware:Tools, machinery, and other durable equipment.
hardwood:The wood from a broadleaved tree (such as oak, ash, or beech) as distinguished from that of conifers.
hardwoods:The wood from a broadleaved tree (such as oak, ash, or beech) as distinguished from that of conifers.
hardworking:(of a person) tending to work with energy and commitment; diligent.
hardy:Robust; capable of enduring difficult conditions.
hare:Run with great speed.
harebell:A widely distributed bellflower with slender stems and pale blue flowers in late summer.
harebells:A widely distributed bellflower with slender stems and pale blue flowers in late summer.
harebrained:Rash; ill-judged.
hared:Run with great speed.
harem:(in former times) the separate part of a Muslim household reserved for wives, concubines, and female servants.
harems:(in former times) the separate part of a Muslim household reserved for wives, concubines, and female servants.
hares:Run with great speed.
hark:Listen.
harked:Listen.
harken:Listen.
harkened:Listen.
harkens:Listen.
harking:Listen.
harks:Listen.
harlequin:A mute character in traditional pantomime, typically masked and dressed in a diamond-patterned costume.A stock comic character in Italian commedia dell'arte.
harlequins:A mute character in traditional pantomime, typically masked and dressed in a diamond-patterned costume.A stock comic character in Italian commedia dell'arte.
harlot:A prostitute.
harlots:A prostitute.
harm:Physically injure.
harmed:Physically injure.
harmful:Causing or likely to cause harm.
harming:Physically injure.
harmless:Not able or likely to cause harm.
harmlessly:In a manner not able or likely to cause harm.
harmonic:An overtone accompanying a fundamental tone at a fixed interval, produced by vibration of a string, column of air, etc. in an exact fraction of its length.
harmonica:A small rectangular wind instrument with a row of metal reeds along its length, held against the lips and moved from side to side to produce different notes by blowing or sucking.
harmonics:An overtone accompanying a fundamental tone at a fixed interval, produced by vibration of a string, column of air, etc. in an exact fraction of its length.
harmonies:The combination of simultaneously sounded musical notes to produce a pleasing effect.
harmonious:Tuneful; not discordant.
harmoniously:With harmony of sound; tunefully.
harmonisation:The action or process of adding notes to a melody to produce harmony.
harmonise:Add notes to (a melody) to produce harmony.
harmonised:Add notes to (a melody) to produce harmony.
harmonising:Add notes to (a melody) to produce harmony.
harmonium:A keyboard instrument in which the notes are produced by air driven through metal reeds by foot-operated bellows.
harmony:The combination of simultaneously sounded musical notes to produce chords and chord progressions having a pleasing effect.
harms:Physically injure.
harness:Put a harness on (a horse or other draft animal)
harnessed:Put a harness on (a horse or other draught animal)
harnesses:Put a harness on (a horse or other draught animal)
harnessing:Put a harness on (a horse or other draught animal)
harp:A musical instrument, roughly triangular in shape, consisting of a frame supporting a graduated series of parallel strings, played by plucking with the fingers. The modern orchestral harp has an upright frame, with pedals that enable the strings to be retuned to different keys.
harped:Talk or write persistently and tediously on (a particular topic)
harping:Talk or write persistently and tediously on (a particular topic)
harpist:A musician who plays a harp.
harpists:A musician who plays a harp.
harpoon:Spear with a harpoon.
harpoons:Spear with a harpoon.
harps:Talk or write persistently and tediously on (a particular topic)
harpsichord:A keyboard instrument with horizontal strings which run perpendicular to the keyboard in a long tapering case, and are plucked by points of quill, leather, or plastic operated by depressing the keys. It is used chiefly in European classical music of the 16th to 18th centuries.
harpsichords:A keyboard instrument with horizontal strings which run perpendicular to the keyboard in a long tapering case, and are plucked by points of quill, leather, or plastic operated by depressing the keys. It is used chiefly in European classical music of the 16th to 18th centuries.
harridan:A strict, bossy, or belligerent old woman.
harried:Feeling strained as a result of having demands persistently made on one; harassed.
harrier:A person who engages in persistent attacks on others or incursions into their land.
harriers:A person who engages in persistent attacks on others or incursions into their land.
harrow:Draw a harrow over (land)
harrowed:Draw a harrow over (land)
harrowing:Acutely distressing.
harrows:Draw a harrow over (land)
harry:Persistently carry out attacks on (an enemy or an enemy's territory)
harrying:Persistently carry out attacks on (an enemy or an enemy's territory)
harsh:Unpleasantly rough or jarring to the senses.
harshen:Make unpleasantly rough or jarring to the senses.
harshens:Make unpleasantly rough or jarring to the senses.
harsher:Unpleasantly rough or jarring to the senses.
harshest:Unpleasantly rough or jarring to the senses.
harshly:In a manner that is unpleasantly rough or jarring to the senses.
harshness:The quality of being unpleasantly rough or jarring to the senses.
hart:An adult male deer, especially a red deer over five years old.
harts:An adult male deer, especially a red deer over five years old.
harvest:Gather (a crop) as a harvest.
harvested:Gather (a crop) as a harvest.
harvester:A person or machine that gathers crops as a harvest.
harvesters:A person or machine that gathers crops as a harvest.
harvesting:Gather (a crop) as a harvest.
harvests:Gather (a crop) as a harvest.
has:Possess, own, or hold.Possess (a quality, characteristic, or feature)Provide or indulge oneself with (something)Be made up of; comprise.Used to indicate a particular relationship.Be able to make use of (something available or at one's disposal)Have gained (a qualification)Possess as an intellectual attainment; know (a language or subject)
hasbeen:A person or thing considered to be outmoded or no longer of any significance.
hasbeens:A person or thing considered to be outmoded or no longer of any significance.
hash:Make (meat or other food) into a hash.
hashed:(of cooked meat or vegetables) chopped into small pieces and cooked again.
hashes:Make (meat or other food) into a hash.
hashing:Make (meat or other food) into a hash.
hashish:An extract of the cannabis plant, containing concentrations of the psychoactive resins.
hasp:Lock (a door, window, or lid) by securing the hasp over the loop of the fastening.
hassle:Harass; pester.
haste:Excessive speed or urgency of movement or action; hurry.
hasted:Excessive speed or urgency of movement or action; hurry.
hasten:Be quick to do something.
hastened:Be quick to do something.
hastening:Be quick to do something.
hastens:Be quick to do something.
hastes:Excessive speed or urgency of movement or action; hurry.
hastier:Done with excessive speed or urgency; hurried.
hastiest:Done with excessive speed or urgency; hurried.
hastily:With excessive speed or urgency; hurriedly.
hasty:Done or acting with excessive speed or urgency; hurried.
hat:A shaped covering for the head worn for warmth, as a fashion item, or as part of a uniform.
hatch:An opening of restricted size allowing for passage from one area to another.
hatchback:A car with a door across the full width at the back end that opens upward to provide easy access for loading.
hatchbacks:A car with a door across the full width at the back end that opens upwards to provide easy access for loading.
hatched:A door in an aircraft, spacecraft, or submarine.
hatcheries:An installation or building in which the hatching of fish or poultry eggs is artificially controlled for commercial purposes.
hatchery:A place where the hatching of fish or poultry eggs is artificially controlled for commercial purposes.
hatches:A door in an aircraft, spacecraft, or submarine.
hatchet:A small axe with a short handle for use in one hand.
hatchets:A small axe with a short handle for use in one hand.
hatching:(in fine art and technical drawing) shading with closely drawn parallel lines.
hatchway:An opening or hatch, especially in a ship's deck.
hate:Feel intense or passionate dislike for (someone)
hated:Feel intense dislike for.
hateful:Arousing, deserving of, or filled with hatred.
hater:A person who greatly dislikes a specified person or thing.
haters:A person who greatly dislikes a specified person or thing.
hates:Feel intense dislike for.
hating:Feel intense dislike for.
hatrack:A tall freestanding post fitted with large hooks for hanging hats on.
hatracks:A tall free-standing post fitted with large hooks for hanging hats on; a hatstand.
hatred:Intense dislike or ill will.
hatreds:Intense dislike; hate.
hats:A shaped covering for the head worn for warmth, as a fashion item, or as part of a uniform.
hatstands:A tall free-standing post fitted with large hooks for hanging hats on.
hatted:Wearing a hat.
hatter:A person who makes and sells hats.
hatters:A person who makes and sells hats.
haughtier:Arrogantly superior and disdainful.
haughtiest:Arrogantly superior and disdainful.
haughtiness:The appearance or quality of being arrogantly superior and disdainful.
haughty:Arrogantly superior and disdainful.
haul:(of a person) pull or drag with effort or force.
haulage:The commercial transport of goods.
hauled:(of a person) pull or drag with effort or force.
hauler:A person or company employed in the transport of goods or materials by road.
haulers:A person or company employed in the transport of goods or materials by road; haulier.
haulier:A person or company employed in the transport of goods or materials by road; a hauler.
hauliers:A person or company employed in the transport of goods or materials by road.
hauling:(of a person) pull or drag with effort or force.
haulms:A stalk or stem.
hauls:(of a person) pull or drag with effort or force.
haunch:A buttock and thigh considered together, in a human or animal.
haunches:A buttock and thigh considered together, in a human or animal.
haunt:(of a ghost) manifest itself at (a place) regularly.
haunted:(of a place) frequented by a ghost.
haunting:Poignant and evocative; difficult to ignore or forget.
hauntingly:In a poignant or evocative manner.
haunts:(of a ghost) manifest itself at (a place) regularly.
hauteur:Haughtiness of manner; disdainful pride.
havana:The capital of Cuba, on the northern coast; population 2,148,132 (2008). It was founded in 1515 by Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar.
have:Possess, own, or hold.Possess or be provided with (a quality, characteristic, or feature)Provide or indulge oneself with (something)Be made up of; comprise.Used to indicate a particular relationship.Be able to make use of (something available or at one's disposal)Have gained (a qualification)Possess as an intellectual attainment; know (a language or subject)
haven:A place of safety or refuge.
havens:A place of safety or refuge.
havering:Vacillating or indecisive behavior.
haversack:A small, sturdy bag carried on the back or over the shoulder, used especially by soldiers and hikers.
haves:Possess, own, or hold.Possess (a quality, characteristic, or feature)Provide or indulge oneself with (something)Be made up of; comprise.Used to indicate a particular relationship.Be able to make use of (something available or at one's disposal)Have gained (a qualification)Possess as an intellectual attainment; know (a language or subject)
having:Possess, own, or hold.Possess (a quality, characteristic, or feature)Provide or indulge oneself with (something)Be made up of; comprise.Used to indicate a particular relationship.Be able to make use of (something available or at one's disposal)Have gained (a qualification)Possess as an intellectual attainment; know (a language or subject)
havoc:Lay waste to; devastate.
hawaii:A state of the US comprising a group of over twenty islands in the North Pacific Ocean; capital, Honolulu (on Oahu); population 1,288,198 (est. 2008). First settled by Polynesians, Hawaii was visited by Captain James Cook in 1778. It was annexed by the US in 1898 and became the 50th state in 1959.
hawaiian:An inhabitant of Hawaii.
hawk:A bird of prey with broad rounded wings and a long tail, typically taking prey by surprise with a short chase.
hawked:(of a person) hunt game with a trained hawk.
hawker:A person who travels around selling goods, typically advertising them by shouting.
hawkers:A person who travels about selling goods, typically advertising them by shouting.
hawking:(of a person) hunt game with a trained hawk.
hawkish:Resembling a hawk in nature or appearance.
hawks:(of a person) hunt game with a trained hawk.
hawser:A thick rope or cable for mooring or towing a ship.
hawsers:A thick rope or cable for mooring or towing a ship.
hawthorn:A thorny shrub or tree of the rose family, with white, pink, or red blossoms and small dark red fruits (haws). Native to north temperate regions, it is commonly used for hedges.
hawthorns:A thorny shrub or tree of the rose family, with white, pink, or red blossom and small dark red fruits (haws). Native to north temperate regions, it is commonly used for hedging in Britain.
hay:Grass that has been mown and dried for use as fodder.
hayfield:A field where hay is being or is to be made.
hayloft:A loft over a stable or barn used for storing hay or straw.
haystack:A packed pile of hay, typically with a pointed or ridged top.
haystacks:A packed pile of hay, typically with a pointed or ridged top.
haywire:Erratic; out of control.
hazard:Venture to say (something)
hazarded:Say (something) in a tentative way.
hazarding:Say (something) in a tentative way.
hazardous:Risky; dangerous.
hazards:Say (something) in a tentative way.
haze:A slight obscuration of the lower atmosphere, typically caused by fine suspended particles.
hazel:A temperate shrub or small tree with broad leaves, bearing prominent male catkins in spring and round hard-shelled edible nuts in autumn.
hazelnut:A round brown hard-shelled nut that is the edible fruit of the hazel.
hazelnuts:A round brown hard-shelled nut that is the edible fruit of the hazel.
hazier:Covered by a haze.
haziest:Covered by a haze.
hazy:Covered by a haze.
he:Used to refer to a man, boy, or male animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
head:Be in the leading position on.
headache:A continuous pain in the head.
headaches:A continuous pain in the head.
headband:A band of fabric worn around the head as a decoration or to keep the hair or perspiration off the face.
headbands:A band of fabric worn around the head as a decoration or to keep the hair or perspiration off the face.
headboard:An upright panel forming or placed behind the head of a bed.
headboards:An upright panel forming or placed behind the head of a bed.
headcount:An instance of counting the number of people present.
headdress:An ornamental covering or band for the head, especially one worn on ceremonial occasions.
headdresses:An ornamental covering or band for the head, especially one worn on ceremonial occasions.
headed:Having a head of a specified kind.
header:A shot or pass made with the head.
headers:A shot or pass made with the head.
headfast:A rope or chain used to secure the bow of a ship or other vessel to a wharf, buoy, etc.
headgear:Hats, helmets, and other items worn on the head.
headhunted:Collect the heads of dead enemies as trophies.
headhunters:A person who identifies and approaches suitable candidates employed elsewhere to fill business positions.
headier:(of alcoholic drink) potent; intoxicating.
headiest:(of alcoholic drink) potent; intoxicating.
heading:A title at the head of a page or section of a book.
headings:A title at the head of a page or section of a book.
headlamp:A powerful light at the front of a motor vehicle or railway engine.
headlamps:A powerful light at the front of a motor vehicle or railway engine.
headland:A narrow piece of land that projects from a coastline into the sea.
headlands:A narrow piece of land that projects from a coastline into the sea.
headless:(of a body) having no head.
headlight:A powerful light at the front of a motor vehicle or railroad engine.
headlights:A powerful light at the front of a motor vehicle or railway engine.
headline:Provide with a headline.
headlined:Provide with a headline.
headlines:Provide with a headline.
headlining:Provide with a headline.
headlock:A method of restraining someone by holding an arm firmly around their head, especially as a hold in wrestling.
headlong:With the head foremost.
headman:The chief or leader of a community or tribe.
headmaster:(especially in private schools) the man in charge of a school; the principal.
headmasters:A man who is the head teacher in a school.
headmastership:The position or role of headmaster.
headmen:The chief or leader of a community or tribe.
headmistress:(especially in private schools) the woman in charge of a school; the principal.
headmistresses:A woman who is the head teacher in a school.
headnote:A note inserted at the head of an article, reported law case, or other document, summarizing or commenting on the content.
headphone:A pair of earphones joined by a band placed over the head, for listening to audio signals such as music or speech.
headphones:A pair of earphones joined by a band placed over the head, for listening to audio signals such as music or speech.
headpiece:A device worn on the head as an ornament or to serve a function.
headquarters:The premises occupied by a military commander and the commander's staff.
headrest:A padded part extending from or fixed to the back of a seat or chair, designed to support the head.
headroom:The space above a driver's or passenger's head in a vehicle.
heads:Be in the leading position on.
headscarf:A square of fabric worn as a covering for the head, often folded into a triangle and knotted under the chin.
headscarves:A square of fabric worn by women as a covering for the head, often folded into a triangle and knotted under the chin.
headset:A set of headphones, typically with a microphone attached, used especially in telephone and radio communication.
headsets:A set of headphones, typically with a microphone attached, used especially in telephony and radio communication.
headship:The position of leader or chief.
headstand:The act of balancing on one's head and hands with the feet in the air.
headstock:A set of bearings in a machine, supporting a revolving part.
headstone:A slab of stone set up at the head of a grave, typically inscribed with the name of the dead person.
headstones:A slab of stone set up at the head of a grave, typically inscribed with the name of the dead person.
headstrong:Self-willed and obstinate.
headwaters:A tributary stream of a river close to or forming part of its source.
headway:Forward movement of a ship or boat, especially when this is slow or difficult.
headwind:A wind blowing from directly in front, opposing forward motion.
headwinds:A wind blowing from directly in front, opposing forward motion.
headword:A word that begins a separate entry in a reference work such as a dictionary.
headwords:A word which begins a separate entry in a reference work.
headwork:Activities taxing the mind; mental work.
heady:(of liquor) potent; intoxicating.
heal:(of a person or treatment) cause (a wound, injury, or person) to become sound or healthy again.
healed:Cause (a wound, injury, or person) to become sound or healthy again.
healer:A person who seeks to cure diseases or heal injuries by means other than conventional medical treatment.
healers:A person who seeks to cure diseases or heal injuries by means other than conventional medical treatment.
healing:The process of making or becoming sound or healthy again.
heals:Cause (a wound, injury, or person) to become sound or healthy again.
health:The state of being free from illness or injury.
healthful:Having or conducive to good health.
healthier:In a good physical or mental condition; in good health.
healthiest:In a good physical or mental condition; in good health.
healthily:In a way that promotes or indicates good health.
healthy:In good health.
heap:A great deal.
heaped:(of a spoon or other receptacle) having its contents piled above the brim or edge.
heaping:(of a spoon or other receptacle) having its contents piled above the brim or edge.
heaps:A great deal.
hear:Perceive with the ear the sound made by (someone or something)
heard:Perceive with the ear the sound made by (someone or something)
hearer:A person who hears something or listens to someone.
hearers:A person who hears something or listens to someone.
hearing:The faculty of perceiving sounds.
hearings:The faculty of perceiving sounds.
hearken:Listen.
hearkened:Listen.
hearkening:Listen.
hearkens:Listen.
hears:Perceive with the ear the sound made by (someone or something)
hearsay:Information received from other people that one cannot adequately substantiate; rumor.
hearse:A vehicle for conveying the coffin at a funeral.
hearses:A vehicle for conveying the coffin at a funeral.
heart:Like very much; love.
heartache:Emotional anguish or grief, typically caused by the loss or absence of someone loved.
heartbeat:The pulsation of the heart.
heartbeats:The pulsation of the heart.
heartbreak:Overwhelming distress.
heartbreaking:Causing overwhelming distress; very upsetting.
heartbreaks:Overwhelming distress.
heartbroken:(of a person) suffering from overwhelming distress; very upset.
heartburn:A form of indigestion felt as a burning sensation in the chest, caused by acid regurgitation into the esophagus.
hearten:Make more cheerful or confident.
heartened:Make more cheerful or confident.
heartening:Increasing cheerfulness or confidence; encouraging.
heartfelt:(of a feeling or its expression) sincere; deeply and strongly felt.
hearth:The floor of a fireplace.
hearthrug:A rug laid in front of a fireplace to protect the carpet or floor.
hearths:The floor of a fireplace.
hearties:A vigorously cheerful and sporty person.
heartiest:A vigorously cheerful and sporty person.
heartily:In a hearty manner.
heartland:The central or most important part of a country, area, or field of activity.
heartlands:The central or most important part of a country, area, or field of activity.
heartless:Displaying a complete lack of feeling or consideration.
heartrending:Causing great sadness or distress.
hearts:Like very much; love.
heartstrings:Used in reference to one's deepest feelings of love or compassion.
heartwarming:Emotionally rewarding or uplifting.
heartwood:The dense inner part of a tree trunk, yielding the hardest timber.
hearty:A vigorously cheerful and sporty person.
heat:Make or become hot or warm.
heated:Made warm or hot.
heater:A person or thing that heats, in particular a device for warming the air or water.
heaters:A device for warming the air or water.
heath:An area of open uncultivated land, especially in Britain, with characteristic vegetation of heather, gorse, and coarse grasses.
heathen:A person who does not belong to a widely held religion (especially one who is not a Christian, Jew, or Muslim) as regarded by those who do.
heathens:A person who does not belong to a widely held religion (especially one who is not a Christian, Jew, or Muslim) as regarded by those who do.
heather:A purple-flowered Eurasian heath that grows abundantly on moorland and heathland. Many ornamental varieties have been developed.
heathers:A purple-flowered Eurasian heath that grows abundantly on moorland and heathland. Many ornamental varieties have been developed.
heathland:An extensive area of heath.
heaths:An area of open uncultivated land, typically on acid sandy soil, with characteristic vegetation of heather, gorse, and coarse grasses.
heating:Equipment or devices used to provide heat, especially to a building.
heats:Make or become hot or warm.
heatwave:A prolonged period of abnormally hot weather.
heave:Lift or haul (a heavy thing) with great effort.
heaved:Lift or haul (something heavy) with great effort.
heaven:A place regarded in various religions as the abode of God (or the gods) and the angels, and of the good after death, often traditionally depicted as being above the sky.
heavenly:Of heaven; divine.
heavens:A place regarded in various religions as the abode of God (or the gods) and the angels, and of the good after death, often traditionally depicted as being above the sky.God (or the gods)A state of being eternally in the presence of God after death.Used in various exclamations as a substitute for ‘God’
heavenward:Toward heaven or the sky; upward.
heavenwards:Towards heaven or the sky; upward.
heaves:Lift or haul (something heavy) with great effort.
heavier:Heavily.
heavies:Heavily.
heaviest:Heavily.
heavily:To a great degree; in large amounts.
heaviness:The quality of having great weight.
heaving:(of a place) extremely crowded.
heavy:Heavily.
heavyweight:A weight in boxing and other sports, typically the heaviest category. In the amateur boxing scale it ranges from 178 to 200 pounds (81 to 91 kg).
hebrew:A member of an ancient people living in what is now Israel and Palestine and, according to biblical tradition, descended from the patriarch Jacob, grandson of Abraham. After the Exodus (c.1300 BC) they established the kingdoms of Israel and Judah, and their scriptures and traditions form the basis of the Jewish religion.
hebrews:A member of an ancient people living in what is now Israel and Palestine and, according to biblical tradition, descended from the patriarch Jacob, grandson of Abraham. After the Exodus (c.1300 BC) they established the kingdoms of Israel and Judah, and their scriptures and traditions form the basis of the Jewish religion.
heck:Expressing surprise, frustration, or dismay.
heckle:Interrupt (a public speaker) with derisive or aggressive comments or abuse.
heckled:Interrupt (a public speaker) with derisive or aggressive comments or abuse.
heckler:A person who interrupts a performer or public speaker with derisive or aggressive comments or abuse.
hecklers:A person who interrupts a performer or public speaker with derisive or aggressive comments or abuse.
heckles:Interrupt (a public speaker) with derisive or aggressive comments or abuse.
heckling:Interrupt (a public speaker) with derisive or aggressive comments or abuse.
hectare:A metric unit of square measure, equal to 100 ares (2.471 acres or 10,000 square meters).
hectares:A metric unit of square measure, equal to 100 ares (2.471 acres or 10,000 square metres).
hectic:A hectic fever or flush.
hectolitres:A metric unit of capacity equal to one hundred litres, used especially for wine, beer, grain, and other agricultural produce.
hector:Talk to (someone) in a bullying way.
hectoring:Talking in a bullying way.
hedge:Surround or bound with a hedge.
hedged:Surround with a hedge.
hedgehog:A small nocturnal Old World mammal with a spiny coat and short legs, able to roll itself into a ball for defense.
hedgehogs:A small nocturnal Old World mammal with a spiny coat and short legs, able to roll itself into a ball for defence.
hedgerow:A hedge of wild shrubs and trees, typically bordering a road or field.
hedgerows:A rough or mixed hedge of wild shrubs and occasional trees, typically bordering a road or field.
hedges:Surround with a hedge.
hedging:The planting or trimming of hedges.
hedonism:The pursuit of pleasure; sensual self-indulgence.
hedonist:A person who believes that the pursuit of pleasure is the most important thing in life; a pleasure-seeker.
hedonistic:Engaged in the pursuit of pleasure; sensually self-indulgent.
hedonists:A person who believes that the pursuit of pleasure is the most important thing in life; a pleasure-seeker.
heed:Pay attention to; take notice of.
heeded:Pay attention to; take notice of.
heedful:Aware of and attentive to.
heeding:Pay attention to; take notice of.
heedless:Showing a reckless lack of care or attention.
heeds:Pay attention to; take notice of.
heel:Fit or renew a heel on (a shoe or boot)
heels:Fit or renew a heel on (a shoe or boot)
heft:Lift or carry (something heavy)
hefted:Lift or carry (something heavy)
heftier:Large and heavy.
hefting:Lift or carry (something heavy)
hefty:Large, heavy, and powerful.
hegemonic:Ruling or dominant in a political or social context.
hegemony:Leadership or dominance, especially by one country or social group over others.
heifer:A young female cow that has not borne a calf.
heifers:(in farming) a cow that has not borne a calf, or has borne only one calf.
height:The measurement from base to top or (of a standing person) from head to foot.
heighten:Make or become more intense.
heightened:More intense than normal.
heightening:Make or become more intense.
heightens:Make or become more intense.
heights:The measurement of someone or something from head to foot or from base to top.
heinous:(of a person or wrongful act, especially a crime) utterly odious or wicked.
heir:A person legally entitled to the property or rank of another on that person's death.
heiress:A woman who is legally entitled to the property or rank of another on that person's death.
heiresses:A woman who is legally entitled to the property or rank of another on that person's death.
heirloom:A valuable object that has belonged to a family for several generations.
heirlooms:A valuable object that has belonged to a family for several generations.
heirs:A person legally entitled to the property or rank of another on that person's death.
heist:Steal.
heists:Steal.
held:Grasp, carry, or support with one's hands.
helen:The daughter of Zeus and Leda, born from an egg. In the Homeric poems she was the outstandingly beautiful wife of Menelaus, and her abduction by Paris (to whom she had been promised, as a bribe, by Aphrodite) led to the Trojan War.
helical:Having the shape or form of a helix; spiral.
helices:An object having a three-dimensional shape like that of a wire wound uniformly in a single layer around a cylinder or cone, as in a corkscrew or spiral staircase.
helicopter:Transport by helicopter.
helicopters:Transport by helicopter.
heliocentric:Having or representing the sun as the center, as in the accepted astronomical model of the solar system.
heliosphere:The region of space, encompassing the solar system, in which the solar wind has a significant influence.
heliotrope:A plant of the borage family, cultivated for its fragrant purple or blue flowers which are used in perfume.
helipad:A landing and takeoff area for helicopters.
helium:The chemical element of atomic number 2, an inert gas which is the lightest member of the noble gas series.
helix:An object having a three-dimensional shape like that of a wire wound uniformly in a single layer around a cylinder or cone, as in a corkscrew or spiral staircase.
hell:A place regarded in various religions as a spiritual realm of evil and suffering, often traditionally depicted as a place of perpetual fire beneath the earth where the wicked are punished after death.
hellenic:The branch of the Indo-European language family comprising classical and modern Greek.
hellfire:The fire or fires regarded as existing in hell.
hellish:Extremely (used for emphasis)
hello:An utterance of “hello”; a greeting.
hellraiser:A person who causes trouble by drinking, being violent, or otherwise behaving outrageously.
helm:Steer (a boat or ship)
helmet:A hard or padded protective hat, various types of which are worn by soldiers, police officers, firefighters, motorcyclists, athletes, and others.
helmets:A hard or padded protective hat, various types of which are worn by soldiers, police officers, motorcyclists, sports players, and others.
helms:Steer (a boat or ship)
helmsman:A person who steers a ship or boat.
helots:A member of a class of serfs in ancient Sparta, intermediate in status between slaves and citizens.
help:Make it easier for (someone) to do something by offering one's services or resources.
helped:Make it easier or possible for (someone) to do something by offering one's services or resources.
helper:A person who helps someone else.
helpers:A person who helps someone else.
helpful:Giving or ready to give help.
helpfully:In a way that provides help.
helpfulness:The quality of giving or being ready to give help.
helping:A portion of food served to one person.
helpings:A portion of food served to one person at one time.
helpless:Unable to defend oneself or to act without help.
helplessly:With no ability to act or help oneself.
helplessness:Inability to defend oneself or to act effectively.
helpline:A telephone service providing help with problems.
helplines:A telephone service providing help with problems.
helpmate:A helpful companion or partner, especially one's husband or wife.
helpmates:A helpful companion or partner, especially one's husband or wife.
helps:Make it easier or possible for (someone) to do something by offering one's services or resources.
helsinki:The capital of Finland, a port in the southern part of the country, on the Gulf of Finland; population 579,504 (2009). Swedish name Helsingfors /ˈhelsiNGˌfôrzˈhɛlsɪŋˌfɔrz/.
hem:Turn under and sew the edge of (a piece of cloth or clothing)
hemisphere:A half of a sphere.
hemispheres:A half of a sphere.
hemline:The level of the lower edge of a garment such as a skirt, dress, or coat.
hemlines:The level of the lower edge of a garment such as a skirt, dress, or coat.
hemlock:A highly poisonous European plant of the parsley family, with a purple-spotted stem, fernlike leaves, small white flowers, and an unpleasant smell.
hemmed:Turn under and sew the edge of (a piece of cloth)
hemming:Turn under and sew the edge of (a piece of cloth)
hemp:The cannabis plant, especially when grown for fiber.The fiber of the cannabis plant, extracted from the stem and used to make rope, strong fabrics, fiberboard, and paper.Used in names of other plants that yield fiber, e.g. Manila hemp.Marijuana.
hems:Turn under and sew the edge of (a piece of cloth)
hen:A female bird, especially of a domestic fowl.
hence:As a consequence; for this reason.
henceforth:From this time on or from that time on.
henceforward:From this or that time on.
henchman:A faithful follower or political supporter, especially one prepared to engage in crime or dishonest practices by way of service.
henchmen:A faithful follower or political supporter, especially one prepared to engage in crime or violence by way of service.
henge:A prehistoric monument consisting of a circle of stone or wooden uprights.
henna:Dye (hair) with henna.
henpeck:(of a woman) continually criticize and give orders to (her husband or male partner)
henry:The SI unit of inductance, equal to an electromotive force of one volt in a closed circuit with a uniform rate of change of current of one ampere per second.
hens:A female bird, especially of a domestic fowl.
hepatic:Relating to the liver.
hepatitis:A disease characterized by inflammation of the liver.
heptagon:A plane figure with seven straight sides and angles.
heptagons:A plane figure with seven straight sides and angles.
heptane:A colorless liquid hydrocarbon of the alkane series, obtained from petroleum.
her:Used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
herald:Be a sign that (something) is about to happen.
heralded:Be a sign that (something) is about to happen.
heraldic:Relating to heraldry.
heralding:Be a sign that (something) is about to happen.
heraldry:The system by which coats of arms and other armorial bearings are devised, described, and regulated.
heralds:Be a sign that (something) is about to happen.
herb:Any plant with leaves, seeds, or flowers used for flavoring, food, medicine, or perfume.
herbaceous:Of, denoting, or relating to herbs (in the botanical sense).
herbage:Herbaceous vegetation.
herbal:A book that describes herbs and their culinary and medicinal properties.
herbalism:The study or practice of the medicinal and therapeutic use of plants, now especially as a form of alternative medicine.
herbalist:A practitioner of herbalism.
herbalists:A practitioner of herbalism.
herbicide:A substance that is toxic to plants, used to destroy unwanted vegetation.
herbicides:A substance that is toxic to plants, used to destroy unwanted vegetation.
herbivore:An animal that feeds on plants.
herbivores:An animal that feeds on plants.
herbivorous:(of an animal) feeding on plants.
herbs:Any plant with leaves, seeds, or flowers used for flavouring, food, medicine, or perfume.
herd:(with reference to a group of people or animals) move in a particular direction.
herded:(with reference to a group of people or animals) move in a group.
herding:(with reference to a group of people or animals) move in a group.
herds:(with reference to a group of people or animals) move in a group.
herdsman:The owner or keeper of a herd of domesticated animals.
herdsmen:The owner or keeper of a herd of domesticated animals.
here:In, at, or to this place or position.
hereabouts:Near this place.
hereafter:From now on.
hereby:As a result of this document or utterance.
hereditary:(of a title, office, or right) conferred by or based on inheritance.
heredity:The passing on of physical or mental characteristics genetically from one generation to another.
herein:In this document or book.
hereinafter:Further on in this document.
hereof:Of this document.
heresies:Belief or opinion contrary to orthodox religious (especially Christian) doctrine.
heresy:Belief or opinion contrary to orthodox religious (especially Christian) doctrine.
heretic:A person believing in or practicing religious heresy.
heretical:Believing in or practicing religious heresy.
heretics:A person believing in or practising religious heresy.
hereto:To this matter or document.
heretofore:Before now.
hereunder:As provided for under the terms of this document.
hereupon:After or as a result of this.
herewith:With this letter.
heritability:The quality of a characteristic being transmissible from parent to offspring.
heritable:(of a characteristic) transmissible from parent to offspring.
heritage:Property that is or may be inherited; an inheritance.
heritors:A person who inherits.
herm:A squared stone pillar with a carved head on top (typically of Hermes), used in ancient Greece as a boundary marker or a signpost.
hermaphrodite:A person or animal having both male and female sex organs or other sexual characteristics, either abnormally or (in the case of some organisms) as the natural condition.
hermaphrodites:A person or animal having both male and female sex organs or other sexual characteristics, either abnormally or (in the case of some organisms) as the natural condition.
hermeneutic:A method or theory of interpretation.
hermeneutics:The branch of knowledge that deals with interpretation, especially of the Bible or literary texts.
hermetic:(of a seal or closure) complete and airtight.
hermetically:In a way that is completely airtight.
hermit:A person living in solitude as a religious discipline.
hermitage:The dwelling of a hermit, especially when small and remote.
hermits:A person living in solitude as a religious discipline.
hernia:A condition in which part of an organ is displaced and protrudes through the wall of the cavity containing it (often involving the intestine at a weak point in the abdominal wall)
hernias:A condition in which part of an organ is displaced and protrudes through the wall of the cavity containing it (often involving the intestine at a weak point in the abdominal wall)
hero:A person who is admired or idealized for courage, outstanding achievements, or noble qualities.
herod:The name of four rulers of ancient Palestine.
heroic:Behavior or talk that is bold or dramatic, especially excessively or unexpectedly so.
heroically:In an admirably brave or determined manner.
heroics:Behaviour or talk that is bold or dramatic.
heroin:A highly addictive analgesic drug derived from morphine, often used illicitly as a narcotic producing euphoria.
heroine:A woman admired or idealized for her courage, outstanding achievements, or noble qualities.
heroines:A woman admired for her courage, outstanding achievements, or noble qualities.
heroism:Great bravery.
heron:A large fish-eating wading bird with long legs, a long S-shaped neck, and a long pointed bill.
heronry:A breeding colony of herons, typically in a group of trees.
herons:A large fish-eating wading bird with long legs, a long S-shaped neck, and a long pointed bill.
herpes:Any of a group of viral diseases caused by herpes viruses, affecting the skin (often with blisters) or the nervous system.
herring:A silvery fish that is most abundant in coastal waters and is of great commercial importance as a food fish in many parts of the world.
herringbone:Mark with a herringbone pattern.
herrings:A fairly small silvery fish which is most abundant in coastal waters and is of widespread commercial importance.
hers:Used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with a female person or animal previously mentioned.
herself:Used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously mentioned as the subject of the clause.
hertz:The SI unit of frequency, equal to one cycle per second.
hesitancy:The quality or state of being hesitant.
hesitant:Tentative, unsure, or slow in acting or speaking.
hesitantly:In a tentative or unsure manner.
hesitate:Pause before saying or doing something, especially through uncertainty.
hesitated:Pause in indecision before saying or doing something.
hesitates:Pause in indecision before saying or doing something.
hesitating:Tentative, unsure, or slow in acting or speaking.
hesitation:The action of pausing or hesitating before saying or doing something.
hesitations:The action of pausing before saying or doing something.
heterodox:Not conforming with accepted or orthodox standards or beliefs.
heterodoxy:Deviation from accepted or orthodox standards or beliefs.
heterogeneity:The quality or state of being diverse in character or content.
heterogeneous:Diverse in character or content.
heterologous:Having a different relation, relative position, or structure; not homologous.
heterosexual:A heterosexual person.
heterosexuality:The quality or characteristic of being sexually attracted solely to people of the opposite sex.
heterosexuals:A heterosexual person.
heterozygous:Having two different alleles of a particular gene or genes.
heuristic:A heuristic process or method.
heuristics:A heuristic process or method.
hew:Chop or cut (something, especially wood or coal) with an axe, pick, or other tool.
hewed:Chop or cut (something, especially wood or coal) with an axe, pick, or other tool.
hewer:A person who cuts wood, stone, or other materials.
hewing:Chop or cut (something, especially wood or coal) with an axe, pick, or other tool.
hewn:Chop or cut (something, especially wood or coal) with an axe, pick, or other tool.
hex:Cast a spell on; bewitch.
hexadecimal:Relating to or using a system of numerical notation that has 16 rather than 10 as its base.
hexagon:A plane figure with six straight sides and angles.
hexagonal:Of or pertaining to a hexagon.
hexagons:A plane figure with six straight sides and angles.
hexagram:A star-shaped figure formed by two intersecting equilateral triangles.
hexagrams:A star-shaped figure formed by two intersecting equilateral triangles.
hexameter:A line of verse consisting of six metrical feet, especially of six dactyls.
hexane:A colorless liquid hydrocarbon of the alkane series.
hexed:Cast a spell on; bewitch.
hey:Used to attract attention, to express surprise, interest, or annoyance, or to elicit agreement.
heyday:The period of a person's or thing's greatest success, popularity, or vigor.
heydays:The period of a person's or thing's greatest success, popularity, activity, or vigour.
hi:Used as a friendly greeting or to attract attention.
hiatus:A pause or gap in a sequence, series, or process.
hiatuses:A pause or break in continuity in a sequence or activity.
hibernal:Of, characteristic of, or occurring in winter.
hibernate:(of an animal or plant) spend the winter in a dormant state.
hibernating:(of an animal or plant) spend the winter in a dormant state.
hibernation:The condition or period of an animal or plant spending the winter in a dormant state.
hibiscus:A plant of the mallow family, grown in warm climates for its large brightly colored flowers or for products such as fiber or timber.
hic:Used in writing to express the sound of a hiccup, especially a drunken one.
hiccough:Have an attack of hiccups or a single hiccup.
hiccup:An involuntary spasm of the diaphragm and respiratory organs, with a sudden closure of the glottis and a characteristic sound like that of a cough.
hiccups:Have an attack of hiccups or a single hiccup.
hickory:A chiefly North American tree of the walnut family that yields useful timber and typically bears edible nuts.
hid:Put or keep out of sight.
hidden:past participle of hide
hide:Put or keep out of sight; conceal from the view or notice of others.
hideaway:A place used as a retreat or a hiding place.
hideaways:A place used for hiding in or as a retreat from other people.
hidebound:Unwilling or unable to change because of tradition or convention.
hideous:Ugly or disgusting to look at.
hideously:In an extremely ugly manner.
hideout:A hiding place, especially one used by someone who has broken the law.
hideouts:A hiding place, especially one used by someone who has broken the law.
hides:Put or keep out of sight.
hiding:A physical beating.
hidings:A physical beating.
hierarch:A chief priest, archbishop, or other leader.
hierarchical:Of the nature of a hierarchy; arranged in order of rank.
hierarchies:A system in which members of an organization or society are ranked according to relative status or authority.
hierarchy:A system or organization in which people or groups are ranked one above the other according to status or authority.
hieratic:Of or concerning priests.
hieroglyph:A stylized picture of an object representing a word, syllable, or sound, as found in ancient Egyptian and other writing systems.
hieroglyphic:Writing consisting of hieroglyphs.
hieroglyphics:Writing consisting of hieroglyphs.
hieroglyphs:A stylized picture of an object representing a word, syllable, or sound, as found in ancient Egyptian and certain other writing systems.
high:At or to a considerable or specified height.
highbrow:A highbrow person.
higher:At or to a considerable or specified height.
highest:At or to a considerable or specified height.
highish:Somewhat high.
highjack:Unlawfully seize (an aircraft, ship, or vehicle) in transit and force it to go to a different destination or use it for one's own purposes.
highland:An area of high or mountainous land.
highlands:An area of high or mountainous land.
highlight:Pick out and emphasize.
highlighted:Draw special attention to.
highlighter:A broad felt-tipped pen used to overlay transparent fluorescent color on text or a part of an illustration, leaving it legible and emphasized.
highlighting:Draw special attention to.
highlights:Draw special attention to.
highly:To a high degree or level.
highness:The state of being high.
highs:At or to a considerable or specified height.
highspirited:Lively and cheerful in behaviour or mood.
hight:Named.
highway:A main road, especially one connecting major towns or cities.
highwayman:A man, typically on horseback, who held up travelers at gunpoint in order to rob them.
highwaymen:A man, typically on horseback, who held up travellers at gunpoint in order to rob them.
highways:A main road, especially one connecting major towns or cities.
hijack:Unlawfully seize (an aircraft, ship, or vehicle) in transit and force it to go to a different destination or use it for one's own purposes.
hijacked:Unlawfully seize (an aircraft, ship, or vehicle) in transit and force it to go to a different destination or use it for one's own purposes.
hijacker:A person who illegally seizes an aircraft, ship, or vehicle while in transit and forces it to go to a different destination or uses it for their own purposes.
hijackers:A person who illegally seizes an aircraft, ship, or vehicle while in transit and forces it to go to a different destination or uses it for their own purposes.
hijacking:An act of unlawfully seizing an aircraft, vehicle, or ship while in transit; a hijack.
hijackings:An act of unlawfully seizing an aircraft, vehicle, or ship while in transit; a hijack.
hijacks:Unlawfully seize (an aircraft, ship, or vehicle) in transit and force it to go to a different destination or use it for one's own purposes.
hike:Walk for a long distance, especially across country or in the woods.
hiked:Walk for a long distance, especially across country.
hiker:A person who walks for long distances, especially across country.
hikers:A person who walks for long distances, especially across country.
hikes:Walk for a long distance, especially across country.
hiking:The activity of going for long walks, especially in the country or woods.
hilarious:Extremely amusing.
hilariously:In an extremely amusing way.
hilarity:Extreme amusement, especially when expressed by laughter.
hill:Form (something) into a heap.
hilled:Form (something) into a heap.
hillier:Having many hills.
hilliest:Having many hills.
hillman:An inhabitant of hilly country.
hillock:A small hill or mound.
hillocks:A small hill or mound.
hills:Form (something) into a heap.
hillside:The sloping side of a hill.
hillsides:The sloping side of a hill.
hilltop:The summit of a hill.
hilltops:The summit of a hill.
hillwalking:The pastime of walking in hilly country.
hilly:Having many hills.
hilt:The handle of a weapon or tool, especially a sword, dagger, or knife.
hilts:The handle of a weapon or tool, especially a sword, dagger, or knife.
him:Used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a male person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
himself:Used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a male person or animal previously mentioned as the subject of the clause.
hind:(especially of a bodily part) situated at the back; posterior.
hindbrain:The lower part of the brainstem, comprising the cerebellum, pons, and medulla oblongata.
hinder:Create difficulties for (someone or something), resulting in delay or obstruction.
hindered:Make it difficult for (someone) to do something or for (something) to happen.
hindering:Make it difficult for (someone) to do something or for (something) to happen.
hinders:Make it difficult for (someone) to do something or for (something) to happen.
hindmost:Furthest back.
hindquarters:The hind legs and adjoining parts of a quadruped.
hindrance:A thing that provides resistance, delay, or obstruction to something or someone.
hindrances:A thing that provides resistance, delay, or obstruction to something or someone.
hindsight:Understanding of a situation or event only after it has happened or developed.
hindu:A follower of Hinduism.
hinduism:A major religious and cultural tradition of South Asia, which developed from Vedic religion.
hinge:Attach or join with or as if with a hinge.
hinged:Attached or joined with a hinge.
hinges:Attach or join with or as if with a hinge.
hinnies:The offspring of a female donkey and a male horse.
hinny:The offspring of a female donkey and a male horse.
hint:A slight or indirect indication or suggestion.
hinted:Suggest or indicate something indirectly or covertly.
hinterland:The often uncharted areas beyond a coastal district or a river's banks.
hinterlands:The remote areas of a country away from the coast or the banks of major rivers.
hinting:Suggest or indicate something indirectly or covertly.
hints:Suggest or indicate something indirectly or covertly.
hip:A projection of the pelvis and upper thigh bone on each side of the body in human beings and quadrupeds.
hipbone:A large bone forming the main part of the pelvis on each side of the body and consisting of the fused ilium, ischium, and pubis.
hippie:(especially in the 1960s) a person of unconventional appearance, typically having long hair, associated with a subculture involving a rejection of conventional values and the taking of hallucinogenic drugs.
hippies:(especially in the 1960s) a person of unconventional appearance, typically having long hair, associated with a subculture involving a rejection of conventional values and the taking of hallucinogenic drugs.
hippocampus:The elongated ridges on the floor of each lateral ventricle of the brain, thought to be the center of emotion, memory, and the autonomic nervous system.
hippodrome:A theater or other performance venue.
hippopotamus:A large thick-skinned semiaquatic African mammal, with massive jaws and large tusks.
hippy:(of a woman) having large hips.
hips:A projection of the pelvis and upper thigh bone on each side of the body in human beings and quadrupeds.
hipster:A person who follows the latest trends and fashions, especially those regarded as being outside the cultural mainstream.
hipsters:A person who follows the latest trends and fashions, especially those regarded as being outside the cultural mainstream.
hire:Employ (someone) for wages.
hired:Employed for a short time to do a particular job.
hireling:A person employed to undertake menial work.
hires:Obtain the temporary use of (something) for an agreed payment.
hiring:Obtain the temporary use of (something) for an agreed payment.
hirsute:Hairy.
his:Belonging to or associated with a male person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
hispanic:A Spanish-speaking person living in the US, especially one of Latin American descent.
hiss:Make a sharp sibilant sound as of the letter s.
hissed:Make a sharp sibilant sound as of the letter s.
hisses:Make a sharp sibilant sound as of the letter s.
hissing:Make a sharp sibilant sound as of the letter s.
histamine:A compound which is released by cells in response to injury and in allergic and inflammatory reactions, causing contraction of smooth muscle and dilation of capillaries.
histogram:A diagram consisting of rectangles whose area is proportional to the frequency of a variable and whose width is equal to the class interval.
histograms:A diagram consisting of rectangles whose area is proportional to the frequency of a variable and whose width is equal to the class interval.
histologically:As regards or by means of histology.
histology:The study of the microscopic structure of tissues.
historian:An expert in or student of history, especially that of a particular period, geographical region, or social phenomenon.
historians:An expert in or student of history, especially that of a particular period, geographical region, or social phenomenon.
historic:Famous or important in history, or potentially so.
historical:Of or concerning history; concerning past events.
historically:With reference to past events.
histories:The study of past events, particularly in human affairs.
historiography:The study of historical writing.
history:The study of past events, particularly in human affairs.
histrionic:Exaggerated dramatic behavior designed to attract attention.
histrionics:Melodramatic behaviour designed to attract attention.
hit:Bring one's hand or a tool or weapon into contact with (someone or something) quickly and forcefully.
hitch:Move (something) into a different position with a jerk.
hitched:Move (something) into a different position with a jerk.
hitcher:A hitchhiker.
hitches:Move (something) into a different position with a jerk.
hitchhike:Travel by getting free rides in passing vehicles.
hitchhiked:Travel by getting free lifts in passing vehicles.
hitchhiking:Travel by getting free lifts in passing vehicles.
hitching:Move (something) into a different position with a jerk.
hither:To or toward this place.
hitherto:Until now or until the point in time under discussion.
hits:Bring one's hand or a tool or weapon into contact with (someone or something) quickly and forcefully.
hittable:(of a pitch or stroke) capable of being hit.
hitters:A person who hits a ball with a bat, racket, stick, etc. to score runs or points in a game.
hitting:Bring one's hand or a tool or weapon into contact with (someone or something) quickly and forcefully.
hive:Place (bees) in a hive.
hived:Place (bees) in a hive.
hives:A rash of round, red welts on the skin that itch intensely, sometimes with dangerous swelling, caused by an allergic reaction, typically to specific foods.
hiving:Place (bees) in a hive.
hmm:Used to express reflection or hesitation.
ho:A prostitute.
hoar:Hoarfrost.
hoard:Amass (money or valued objects) and hide or store away.
hoarded:Accumulated and hidden or stored away.
hoarder:A person who hoards things.
hoarders:A person who hoards things.
hoarding:A large board in a public place, used to display advertisements; a billboard.
hoardings:A large board in a public place, used to display advertisements.
hoards:Accumulate (money or valued objects) and hide or store away.
hoarfrost:A grayish-white crystalline deposit of frozen water vapor formed in clear still weather on vegetation, fences, etc.
hoarse:(of a person's voice) sounding rough and harsh, typically as the result of a sore throat or of shouting.
hoarser:(of a person's voice) sounding rough and harsh, typically as the result of a sore throat or of shouting.
hoary:Grayish white.
hoax:Deceive with a hoax.
hoaxed:Trick or deceive (someone).
hoaxer:A person who tricks or deceives someone by means of a hoax.
hoaxers:A person who tricks or deceives someone by means of a hoax.
hoaxes:Trick or deceive (someone).
hoaxing:Trick or deceive (someone).
hob:A flat metal shelf at the side or back of a fireplace, having its surface level with the top of the grate and used especially for heating pans.
hobbies:An activity done regularly in one's leisure time for pleasure.
hobbit:A member of an imaginary race similar to humans, of small size and with hairy feet, in stories by J. R. R. Tolkien.
hobble:Walk in an awkward way, typically because of pain from an injury.
hobbled:Walk in an awkward way, typically because of pain from an injury.
hobbles:Walk in an awkward way, typically because of pain from an injury.
hobbling:Walk in an awkward way, typically because of pain from an injury.
hobby:An activity done regularly in one's leisure time for pleasure.
hobbyist:A person who pursues a particular hobby.
hobbyists:A person who pursues a particular hobby.
hobgoblin:(in mythology and fairy tales) a mischievous imp or sprite.
hobgoblins:(in mythology and fairy stories) a mischievous imp or sprite.
hobnails:A short heavy-headed nail used to reinforce the soles of boots.
hobo:A homeless person; a tramp or vagrant.
hobs:A cooking appliance, or the flat top part of a cooker, with hotplates or burners.
hock:The joint in a quadruped's hind leg between the knee and the fetlock, the angle of which points backward.
hockey:short for ice hockey or field hockey
hocks:The joint in a quadruped's hind leg between the knee and the fetlock, the angle of which points backwards.
hocus:Deceive (someone)
hod:A builder's V-shaped open trough on a pole, used for carrying bricks and other building materials.
hoe:Use a hoe to dig (earth) or thin out or dig up (plants).
hoed:Use a hoe to dig (earth) or thin out or dig up (plants).
hoeing:Use a hoe to dig (earth) or thin out or dig up (plants).
hoes:Use a hoe to dig (earth) or thin out or dig up (plants).
hog:Keep or use all of (something) for oneself in an unfair or selfish way.
hogg:Take or use most or all of (something) in an unfair or selfish way.
hogged:Take or use most or all of (something) in an unfair or selfish way.
hogger:A person who takes or uses most or all of a particular thing in an unfair or selfish way.
hogging:Take or use most or all of (something) in an unfair or selfish way.
hogs:Take or use most or all of (something) in an unfair or selfish way.
hogwash:Nonsense.
hoist:Raise (something) by means of ropes and pulleys.
hoisted:Raise (something) by means of ropes and pulleys.
hoisting:Raise (something) by means of ropes and pulleys.
hoists:Raise (something) by means of ropes and pulleys.
hold:Grasp, carry, or support with one's hands.
holdall:A large rectangular bag with handles and a shoulder strap, used for carrying clothes and other personal belongings.
holdalls:A large rectangular bag with handles and a shoulder strap, used for carrying clothes and other personal belongings.
holder:A device or implement for holding something.
holders:A device or implement for holding something.
holding:An area of land held by lease.
holdings:An area of land held by lease.
holdout:An act of resisting something or refusing to accept what is offered.
holds:Grasp, carry, or support with one's hands.
holdup:A situation that causes delay, especially to a journey.
hole:Make a hole or holes in.
holed:Make a hole or holes in.
holes:Make a hole or holes in.
holiday:Spend a holiday in a specified place.
holidaying:Spend a holiday in a specified place.
holidaymaker:A person on vacation away from home; a vactioner.
holidaymakers:A person on holiday away from home.
holidays:Spend a holiday in a specified place.
holier:Dedicated or consecrated to God or a religious purpose; sacred.
holiest:Dedicated or consecrated to God or a religious purpose; sacred.
holiness:The state of being holy.
holing:Make a hole or holes in.
holism:The theory that parts of a whole are in intimate interconnection, such that they cannot exist independently of the whole, or cannot be understood without reference to the whole, which is thus regarded as greater than the sum of its parts. Holism is often applied to mental states, language, and ecology.
holistic:Characterized by comprehension of the parts of something as intimately interconnected and explicable only by reference to the whole.
holistically:In a way that is characterized by comprehension of the parts of something as intimately interconnected and explicable only by reference to the whole.
holland:A kind of smooth, durable linen fabric, used chiefly for window shades and furniture covering.
holler:(of a person) give a loud shout or cry.
hollered:Give a loud shout or cry.
hollies:A widely distributed evergreen shrub, typically having prickly dark green leaves, small white flowers, and red berries.
hollow:Form by making a hole.
hollowed:Form by making a hole.
hollows:Form by making a hole.
holly:A widely distributed shrub, typically having prickly dark green leaves, small white flowers, and red berries. There are several deciduous species of holly but the evergreen hollies are more typical and familiar.
hollyhocks:A tall Eurasian plant of the mallow family, with large showy flowers.
holmes:An islet, especially in a river or near a mainland.
holocaust:Destruction or slaughter on a mass scale, especially caused by fire or nuclear war.
holocausts:Destruction or slaughter on a mass scale, especially caused by fire or nuclear war.
hologram:A three-dimensional image formed by the interference of light beams from a laser or other coherent light source.
holograms:A three-dimensional image formed by the interference of light beams from a laser or other coherent light source.
holographic:Produced using holograms.
holography:The study or production of holograms.
holster:Put (a gun) into its holster.
holsters:Put (a gun) into its holster.
holy:Dedicated or consecrated to God or a religious purpose; sacred.
homage:Special honor or respect shown publicly.
homages:Special honour or respect shown publicly.
hombre:A man, especially one of a particular type.
home:The place where one lives permanently, especially as a member of a family or household.
homecoming:An instance of returning home.
homecomings:An instance of returning home.
homed:(of an animal) return by instinct to its territory after leaving it.
homeland:A person's or a people's native land.
homelands:A person's or a people's native land.
homeless:(of a person) without a home, and therefore typically living on the streets.
homelessness:The state of having no home.
homelier:(of a place or surroundings) simple but cosy and comfortable, as in one's own home.
homely:(of a person) unattractive in appearance.
homemade:Made at home, rather than in a store or factory.
homeowner:A person who owns their own home.
homeowners:A person who owns their own home.
homes:(of an animal) return by instinct to its territory after leaving it.
homesick:Experiencing a longing for one's home during a period of absence from it.
homesickness:A feeling of longing for one's home during a period of absence from it.
homespun:Coarse handwoven cloth.
homestead:A house, especially a farmhouse, and outbuildings.
homesteads:A house, especially a farmhouse, and outbuildings.
homeward:Toward home.
homewards:Towards home.
homework:Schoolwork that a student is required to do at home.
homicidal:Capable of or tending toward murder; murderous.
homicide:The unlawful killing of one person by another.
homicides:The unlawful killing of one person by another.
homiest:(of a place or surroundings) comfortable and cosy.
homilies:A religious discourse which is intended primarily for spiritual edification rather than doctrinal instruction.
homily:A religious discourse that is intended primarily for spiritual edification rather than doctrinal instruction; a sermon.
homing:Relating to an animal's ability to return to a place or territory after traveling a distance away from it.
hominid:A primate of a family (Hominidae) that includes humans and their fossil ancestors and also (in recent systems) at least some of the great apes.
hominids:A primate of a family (Hominidae ) which includes humans and their fossil ancestors and also (in recent schemes) at least some of the great apes.
homoeopathic:Relating to or using homeopathy.
homoeopathy:A system of complementary medicine in which ailments are treated by minute doses of natural substances that in larger amounts would produce symptoms of the ailment.
homogenates:A suspension of cell fragments and cell constituents obtained when tissue is homogenized.
homogeneity:The quality or state of being all the same or all of the same kind.
homogeneous:Of the same kind; alike.
homogenisation:A process by which the fat droplets from milk are emulsified and the cream does not separate.
homogenise:Subject (milk) to a process in which the fat droplets are emulsified and the cream does not separate.
homogenised:(of milk) subjected to a process in which the fat droplets are emulsified and the cream does not separate.
homogenising:Subject (milk) to a process in which the fat droplets are emulsified and the cream does not separate.
homologies:The state of having the same or similar relation, relative position, or structure.
homologous:Having the same relation, relative position, or structure.
homologue:A homologous thing.
homologues:A homologous thing.
homology:The state of having the same or similar relation, relative position, or structure.
homomorphism:A transformation of one set into another that preserves in the second set the relations between elements of the first.
homomorphisms:A transformation of one set into another that preserves in the second set the relations between elements of the first.
homonym:Each of two or more words having the same spelling or pronunciation but different meanings and origins.
homonyms:Each of two or more words having the same spelling or pronunciation but different meanings and origins.
homophobes:A person with a dislike of or prejudice against gay people.
homophobia:Dislike of or prejudice against gay people.
homophobic:Having or showing a dislike of or prejudice against gay people.
homophones:Each of two or more words having the same pronunciation but different meanings, origins, or spelling, for example new and knew.
homosexual:A person who is sexually attracted to people of their own sex.
homosexuality:The quality or characteristic of being sexually attracted solely to people of one's own sex.
homosexuals:A person who is sexually attracted to people of their own sex.
homozygous:Having two identical alleles of a particular gene or genes.
homunculus:A very small human or humanoid creature.
homy:(of a place or surroundings) comfortable and cosy.
hone:Sharpen (a blade)
honed:(of a blade) sharpened.
hones:Sharpen (a blade)
honest:Used to persuade someone of the truth of something.
honestly:In a truthful, fair, or honorable way.
honesty:The quality of being honest.
honey:A sweet, sticky yellowish-brown fluid made by bees and other insects from nectar collected from flowers.
honeybee:A stinging winged insect that collects nectar and pollen, produces wax and honey, and lives in large communities. It was domesticated for its honey around the end of the Neolithic period and is usually kept in hives.
honeycomb:Fill with cavities or tunnels.
honeycombed:Fill with cavities or tunnels.
honeycombing:Fill with cavities or tunnels.
honeydew:A sweet, sticky substance excreted by aphids and often deposited on leaves and stems.
honeyed:(of food) containing or coated with honey.
honeymoon:Spend a honeymoon.
honeymoons:Spend a honeymoon.
honeysuckle:A widely distributed climbing shrub with tubular flowers that are typically fragrant and of two colors or shades, opening in the evening for pollination by moths.
honeysuckles:A widely distributed climbing shrub with tubular flowers that are typically fragrant and of two colours or shades, opening in the evening for pollination by moths.
honing:Sharpen (a blade)
honk:Make or cause to make a honk.
honking:Make or cause to make a honk.
honks:Make or cause to make a honk.
honorarium:A payment given for professional services that are rendered nominally without charge.
honorary:Conferred as an honor, without the usual requirements or functions.
honorific:A title or word implying or expressing high status, politeness, or respect.
honors:Regard with great respect.
honour:Regard with great respect.
honourable:Bringing or deserving honour.
honoured:Regarded with great respect.
honouring:Regard with great respect.
honours:Regard with great respect.
honshu:The largest of the four main islands of Japan; population 103,000,000 (est. 2005).
hood:Put a hood on or over.
hooded:(of an article of clothing) having a hood.
hoodlum:A violent criminal or troublemaker; a hooligan or gangster.
hoodlums:A violent criminal or troublemaker; a hooligan or gangster.
hoods:Put a hood on or over.
hoodwink:Deceive or trick (someone)
hoodwinked:Deceive or trick.
hoodwinking:Deceive or trick.
hoof:Go on foot.
hoofs:Kick (a ball) powerfully.
hook:Attach or fasten with a hook or hooks.
hookah:An oriental tobacco pipe with a long, flexible tube which draws the smoke through water contained in a bowl.
hooked:Curved like a hook.
hooker:A prostitute.
hookers:The player in the middle of the front row of the scrum, who tries to hook the ball.
hooking:The use of one's stick to restrain an opponent, for which a penalty may be assessed.
hooks:Attach or fasten with a hook or hooks.
hooligan:A violent young troublemaker, typically one of a gang.
hooliganism:Violent or rowdy behavior by young troublemakers, typically in a gang.
hooligans:A violent young troublemaker, typically one of a gang.
hoop:Bind or encircle with or as with hoops.
hoops:Bind or encircle with or as with hoops.
hooray:Used to express joy or approval.
hoot:A deep or medium-pitched musical sound, often wavering or interrupted, that is the typical call of many kinds of owl.
hooted:(of an owl) utter a hoot.
hooter:A person's nose.
hooters:A siren or steam whistle, especially one used as a signal for work to begin or finish.
hooting:(of an owl) utter a hoot.
hoots:Expressing dissatisfaction or impatience.
hoover:Clean (something) with a vacuum cleaner.Suck something up with or as if with a vacuum cleaner.Consume something quickly and eagerly.
hoovered:Clean (something) with a vacuum cleaner.Suck something up with or as if with a vacuum cleaner.Consume something quickly and eagerly.
hoovering:Clean (something) with a vacuum cleaner.Suck something up with or as if with a vacuum cleaner.Consume something quickly and eagerly.
hooves:Kick (a ball) powerfully.
hop:(of a person) move by jumping on one foot.
hope:A feeling of expectation and desire for a certain thing to happen.
hoped:Want something to happen or be the case.
hopeful:A person likely or hoping to succeed.
hopefully:In a hopeful manner.
hopefuls:A person likely or hoping to succeed.
hopeless:Feeling or causing despair about something.
hopelessly:In a way that shows or causes despair.
hopelessness:A feeling or state of despair; lack of hope.
hopes:Want something to happen or be the case.
hoping:Want something to happen or be the case.
hopped:(of a person) move by jumping on one foot.
hopper:A container for a bulk material such as grain, rock, or trash, typically one that tapers downward and is able to discharge its contents at the bottom.
hoppers:A container for a loose bulk material such as grain, rock, or rubbish, typically one that tapers downward and is able to discharge its contents at the bottom.
hopping:Very active or lively.
hops:(of a person) move by jumping on one foot.
horde:A large group of people.
hordes:A large group of people.
horizon:The line at which the earth's surface and the sky appear to meet.
horizons:The line at which the earth's surface and the sky appear to meet.
horizontal:A horizontal line, plane, etc.
horizontally:In a horizontal position or direction.
horizontals:A horizontal line, plane, etc.
hormonal:Relating to or containing a hormone or hormones.
hormone:A regulatory substance produced in an organism and transported in tissue fluids such as blood or sap to stimulate specific cells or tissues into action.
hormones:A regulatory substance produced in an organism and transported in tissue fluids such as blood or sap to stimulate specific cells or tissues into action.
horn:(of an animal) butt or gore (someone or something) with the horns.
hornbeam:A deciduous tree of north temperate regions, with oval serrated leaves, inconspicuous drooping flowers, and tough winged nuts. It yields hard pale timber.
hornbills:A medium to large tropical Old World bird, having a very large curved bill that typically has a large horny or bony casque. The male often seals up the female inside the nest hole.
horned:Having a horn or horns.
hornet:A large stinging wasp that typically nests in hollow trees.
hornets:A large wasp that is typically red and yellow or red and black and usually nests in hollow trees.
hornpipe:A lively dance associated with sailors, typically performed by one person.
hornpipes:A lively dance associated with sailors, typically performed by one person.
horns:(of an animal) butt or gore (someone or something) with the horns.
horny:Of or resembling horn.
horoscope:A forecast of a person's future, typically including a delineation of character and circumstances, based on the relative positions of the stars and planets at the time of that person's birth.
horoscopes:A forecast of a person's future, typically including a delineation of character and circumstances, based on the relative positions of the stars and planets at the time of that person's birth.
horrendous:Extremely unpleasant, horrifying, or terrible.
horrendously:In an extremely unpleasant, horrifying, or terrible way.
horrible:Causing or likely to cause horror; shocking.
horribly:In a way that causes horror; shockingly.
horrid:Very unpleasant or disagreeable.
horrific:Causing horror.
horrifically:In a way that causes horror; shockingly.
horrified:Filled with horror; extremely shocked.
horrifies:Fill with horror; shock greatly.
horrify:Fill with horror; shock greatly.
horrifying:Causing horror; extremely shocking.
horror:An intense feeling of fear, shock, or disgust.
horse:Provide (a person or vehicle) with a horse or horses.
horseback:On a horse.
horsebox:A vehicle or trailer equipped with a compartment or container for transporting one or more horses.
horseflesh:Horses considered collectively.
horsefly:A stoutly built fly, the female of which is a bloodsucker and inflicts painful bites on horses and other mammals, including humans.
horsehair:Hair from the mane or tail of a horse, typically used in furniture for padding.
horseless:(of a vehicle) not drawn by a horse or horses.
horseman:A rider on horseback, especially a skilled one.
horsemen:A rider on horseback, especially a skilled one.
horseplay:Rough, boisterous play.
horsepower:A unit of power equal to 550 foot-pounds per second (745.7 watts).
horseradish:A European plant of the cabbage family with long leaves like those of the dock, grown for its pungent edible root.
horses:Provide (a person or vehicle) with a horse or horses.
horseshoe:A shoe for a horse formed of a narrow band of iron in the form of an extended circular arc and secured to the hoof with nails.
horseshoes:A shoe for a horse formed of a narrow band of iron in the form of an extended circular arc and secured to the hoof with nails.
horsewhip:Beat with a horsewhip.
horsewhipped:Beat (a person or animal) with a horsewhip.
horsey:Of or resembling a horse.
horsing:Provide (a person or vehicle) with a horse or horses.
horticultural:Relating to the art or practice of garden cultivation and management.
horticulture:The art or practice of garden cultivation and management.
horticulturist:An expert in garden cultivation and management.
horticulturists:An expert in garden cultivation and management.
hosanna:An expression of adoration, praise, or joy.
hosannas:An expression of adoration, praise, or joy.
hose:Water, spray, or drench with a hose.
hosed:Water or spray with a hose.
hosepipe:A flexible tube conveying water, used chiefly for watering plants.
hoses:Water or spray with a hose.
hosier:A manufacturer or seller of hosiery.
hosiery:Stockings, socks, and tights collectively.
hosing:Water or spray with a hose.
hospice:A home providing care for the sick or terminally ill.
hospices:A home providing care for the sick or terminally ill.
hospitable:Friendly and welcoming to strangers or guests.
hospital:An institution providing medical and surgical treatment and nursing care for sick or injured people.
hospitalisation:Admission to hospital for treatment.
hospitalised:Admit or cause (someone) to be admitted to hospital for treatment.
hospitality:The friendly and generous reception and entertainment of guests, visitors, or strangers.
hospitals:An institution providing medical and surgical treatment and nursing care for sick or injured people.
host:Act as host at (an event) or for (a television or radio program)
hosta:An eastern Asian plant cultivated in the West for its shade-tolerant foliage and loose clusters of tubular mauve or white flowers.
hostage:A person seized or held as security for the fulfillment of a condition.
hostages:A person seized or held as security for the fulfilment of a condition.
hosted:Act as host at (an event) or for (a television or radio programme)
hostel:An establishment which provides inexpensive food and lodging for a specific group of people, such as students, workers, or travelers.
hostelries:An inn or pub.
hostelry:An inn.
hostels:An establishment which provides inexpensive food and lodging for a specific group of people, such as students, workers, or travellers.
hostess:A woman who receives or entertains guests.
hostesses:A woman who receives or entertains guests.
hostile:Unfriendly; antagonistic.
hostility:Hostile behavior; unfriendliness or opposition.
hosting:Act as host at (an event) or for (a television or radio programme)
hostler:A man employed to look after the horses of people staying at an inn.
hosts:Act as host at (an event) or for (a television or radio programme)
hot:Become or make hot.
hotbed:An environment promoting the growth of something, especially something unwelcome.
hotbeds:An environment promoting the growth of something, especially something unwelcome.
hotchpotch:variant of hodgepodge
hotdog:Perform stunts or tricks.
hotdogs:Perform stunts or tricks.
hotel:An establishment providing accommodations, meals, and other services for travelers and tourists.
hotelier:A person who owns or manages a hotel.
hoteliers:A person who owns or manages a hotel.
hotels:An establishment providing accommodation, meals, and other services for travellers and tourists.
hotheaded:Having an impetuous or quick-tempered nature.
hotheads:A person who is impetuous or easily becomes angry and violent.
hothouse:Educate (a child) to a high level at an earlier age than is usual.
hothouses:Educate or teach (a child) to a high level at an earlier age than is usual.
hotline:A direct phone line set up for a specific purpose, especially for use in emergencies or for communication between heads of government.
hotly:In a passionate, excited, or angry way.
hotness:The quality of being hot; high temperature.
hotplate:A flat heated surface (or a set of these), typically metal or ceramic, used for cooking food or keeping it hot.
hotplates:A flat heated surface (or a set of these), typically metal or ceramic, used for cooking food or keeping it hot.
hotpot:A casserole of meat and vegetables, typically with a topping of sliced potato.
hotspot:A small area or region with a relatively hot temperature in comparison to its surroundings.
hotspots:A small area with a relatively high temperature in comparison to its surroundings.
hotter:A person who joyrides in stolen high-performance cars, especially for elaborate and dangerous display.
hottest:Make or become hot.
hotting:Joyriding in stolen high-performance cars, especially for elaborate and dangerous display.
hound:Harass, persecute, or pursue relentlessly.
hounded:Harass, persecute, or pursue relentlessly.
hounding:Harass, persecute, or pursue relentlessly.
hounds:Harass, persecute, or pursue relentlessly.
hour:A period of time equal to a twenty-fourth part of a day and night and divided into 60 minutes.
hourglass:An invertible device with two connected glass bulbs containing sand that takes an hour to pass from the upper to the lower bulb.
hourly:Every hour.
hours:A period of time equal to a twenty-fourth part of a day and night and divided into 60 minutes.
house:Provide (a person or animal) with shelter or living quarters.
houseboat:A boat which is or can be moored for use as a dwelling.
houseboats:A boat which is or can be moored for use as a dwelling.
housebound:Unable to leave one's house, typically due to illness or old age.
housebreaking:The action of breaking into a building, especially in daytime, to commit a crime.
housebuilding:The trade or activity of building houses.
housed:Provide with shelter or accommodation.
houseflies:A common small fly occurring worldwide in and around human habitation. Its eggs are laid in decaying material, and the fly can be a health hazard due to its contamination of food.
household:A house and its occupants regarded as a unit.
householder:A person who owns or rents a house; the head of a household.
householders:A person who owns or rents a house; the head of a household.
households:A house and its occupants regarded as a unit.
housekeeper:A person employed to manage a household.
housekeepers:A person employed to manage a household.
housekeeping:The management of household affairs.
housemaid:A female domestic employee, especially one who cleans reception rooms and bedrooms.
housemaids:A female domestic employee, especially one who cleans reception rooms and bedrooms.
houseroom:Space or accommodations in one's house.
houses:Provide with shelter or accommodation.
housewife:A woman whose main occupation is caring for her family, managing household affairs, and doing housework, while her husband or partner goes out to work.
housewives:A woman whose main occupation is caring for her family, managing household affairs, and doing housework, while her husband or partner goes out to work.
housework:Regular work done in housekeeping, such as cleaning, shopping, and cooking.
housing:Houses and apartments considered collectively.
housings:Houses and flats considered collectively.
houston:An inland port of Texas, linked to the Gulf of Mexico by the Houston Ship Canal; population 2,242,193 (est. 2008). Since 1961 it has been a center for space research and manned space flight; it is the site of the NASA Space Center.
hove:past of heave
hovel:A small, squalid, unpleasant, or simply constructed dwelling.
hovels:A small squalid or simply constructed dwelling.
hover:Remain in one place in the air.
hovercraft:A vehicle or craft that travels over land or water on a cushion of air provided by a downward blast. A design was first patented by Christopher Cockerell (1910–99) in 1955.
hovered:Remain in one place in the air.
hovering:Remain in one place in the air.
hovers:Remain in one place in the air.
how:In what way or manner; by what means.
howdy:An informal friendly greeting, particularly associated with the western states.
however:Used to introduce a statement that contrasts with or seems to contradict something that has been said previously.
howitzer:A short gun for firing shells on high trajectories at low velocities.
howitzers:A short gun for firing shells on high trajectories at low velocities.
howl:A long, loud, doleful cry uttered by an animal such as a dog or wolf.
howled:Make a howling sound.
howler:A stupid or glaring mistake, especially an amusing one.
howlers:A very stupid or glaring mistake, especially an amusing one.
howling:Producing a long, loud, doleful cry or wailing sound.
howls:Make a howling sound.
howsoever:To whatever extent.
hub:The central part of a wheel, rotating on or with the axle, and from which the spokes radiate.
hubbies:A humorous or affectionate way of referring to a person's husband.
hubbub:A chaotic din caused by a crowd of people.
hubby:A humorous or affectionate way of referring to a person's husband.
hubcap:A metal or plastic cover for the hub of a motor vehicle's wheel.
hubcaps:A metal or plastic cover for the hub of a motor vehicle's wheel.
hubris:Excessive pride or self-confidence.
hubristic:Excessively proud or self-confident.
hubs:The central part of a wheel, rotating on or with the axle, and from which the spokes radiate.
huckleberry:A small, round, edible blue-black berry related to the blueberry.
huddle:Crowd together; nestle closely.
huddled:Crowd together; nestle closely.
huddles:Crowd together; nestle closely.
huddling:Crowd together; nestle closely.
hue:A color or shade.
hues:A colour or shade.
huff:Blow out loudly; puff.
huffed:Blow out air loudly on account of exertion.
huffing:Blow out air loudly on account of exertion.
huffy:Annoyed or irritated and quick to take offense at petty things.
hug:Squeeze (someone) tightly in one's arms, typically to express affection.
huge:Extremely large; enormous.
hugely:Very much; to a great extent.
hugged:Squeeze (someone) tightly in one's arms, typically to express affection.
hugging:Squeeze (someone) tightly in one's arms, typically to express affection.
hugs:Squeeze (someone) tightly in one's arms, typically to express affection.
huguenot:A French Protestant of the 16th–17th centuries. Largely Calvinist, the Huguenots suffered severe persecution at the hands of the Catholic majority, and many thousands emigrated from France.
huh:Used to express scorn, anger, disbelief, surprise, or amusement.
hulk:An old ship stripped of fittings and permanently moored, especially for use as storage or (formerly) as a prison.
hulking:(of a person or object) large, heavy, or clumsy.
hulks:An old ship stripped of fittings and permanently moored, especially for use as storage or (formerly) as a prison.
hull:Hit and pierce the hull of (a ship) with a shell or other missile.
hullabaloo:A commotion; a fuss.
hulled:(of a fruit, seed, or grain) having had the hull removed.
hullo:Say or shout ‘hello’
hulls:Hit and pierce the hull of (a ship) with a missile.
hum:Make a low, steady continuous sound like that of a bee.
human:A human being, especially a person as distinguished from an animal or (in science fiction) an alien.
humane:Having or showing compassion or benevolence.
humanely:In a way that shows compassion or benevolence.
humaner:Having or showing compassion or benevolence.
humanise:Make (something) more humane or civilized.
humanised:Make (something) more humane or civilized.
humanising:Make (something) more humane or civilized.
humanism:An outlook or system of thought attaching prime importance to human rather than divine or supernatural matters. Humanist beliefs stress the potential value and goodness of human beings, emphasize common human needs, and seek solely rational ways of solving human problems.
humanist:An advocate or follower of the principles of humanism.
humanistic:Relating to or supporting the principles of humanism.
humanists:An advocate or follower of the principles of humanism.
humanitarian:A person who seeks to promote human welfare; a philanthropist.
humanitarianism:The promotion of human welfare.
humanities:Human beings collectively.
humanity:The human race; human beings collectively.
humankind:Human beings considered collectively (used as a neutral alternative to “mankind”)
humanly:From a human point of view; in a human manner.
humanoid:(especially in science fiction) a being resembling a human in its shape.
humanoids:(especially in science fiction) a being resembling a human in its shape.
humans:A human being.
humble:Lower (someone) in dignity or importance.
humbled:Cause (someone) to feel less important or proud.
humbler:Cause (someone) to feel less important or proud.
humbles:Cause (someone) to feel less important or proud.
humblest:Cause (someone) to feel less important or proud.
humbling:Cause (someone) to feel less important or proud.
humbly:In a way that shows or suggests a modest or low estimate of one's importance; meekly.
humbug:Deceive; trick.
humbugs:Deceive; trick.
humdrum:Dullness; monotony.
humerus:The bone of the upper arm or forelimb, forming joints at the shoulder and the elbow.
humid:Marked by a relatively high level of water vapor in the atmosphere.
humidifier:A device for keeping the atmosphere moist in a room.
humidifiers:A device for keeping the atmosphere in a room moist.
humidity:The state or quality of being humid.
humify:Convert (plant remains) into humus.
humiliate:Make (someone) feel ashamed and foolish by injuring their dignity and self-respect, especially publicly.
humiliated:Make (someone) feel ashamed and foolish by injuring their dignity and pride.
humiliates:Make (someone) feel ashamed and foolish by injuring their dignity and pride.
humiliating:Causing someone to feel ashamed and foolish by injuring their dignity and self-respect.
humiliation:The action of humiliating someone or the state of being humiliated.
humiliations:The action of humiliating someone or the state of being humiliated.
humility:A modest or low view of one's own importance; humbleness.
hummed:Make a low, steady continuous sound like that of a bee.
humming:Make a low, steady continuous sound like that of a bee.
hummingbird:A small nectar-feeding tropical American bird that is able to hover and fly backward, typically having colorful iridescent plumage.
hummingbirds:A small nectar-feeding tropical American bird that is able to hover and fly backwards, and typically has colourful iridescent plumage.
hummock:A hillock, knoll, or mound.
hummocks:A hillock or knoll.
humorist:A humorous writer, performer, or artist.
humorous:Causing lighthearted laughter and amusement; comic.
humorously:In a way that causes amusement; comically.
humour:Comply with the wishes of (someone) in order to keep them content, however unreasonable such wishes might be.
humoured:Comply with the wishes of (someone) in order to keep them content, however unreasonable such wishes might be.
humouring:Comply with the wishes of (someone) in order to keep them content, however unreasonable such wishes might be.
humourless:Lacking humour; not able to appreciate or express humour.
humours:Comply with the wishes of (someone) in order to keep them content, however unreasonable such wishes might be.
hump:Lift or carry (a heavy object) with difficulty.
humpback:A baleen whale that has a hump (instead of a dorsal fin) and long white flippers. It is noted for its lengthy vocalizations or “songs.”.
humped:Having a hump or humps; hump-shaped.
humping:Carry (a heavy object) with difficulty.
humps:Carry (a heavy object) with difficulty.
hums:Make a low, steady continuous sound like that of a bee.
humus:The organic component of soil, formed by the decomposition of leaves and other plant material by soil microorganisms.
hunch:Raise (one's shoulders) and bend the top of one's body forward.
hunchback:A back deformed by a sharp forward angle, forming a hump, typically caused by collapse of a vertebra.
hunchbacked:Having a back deformed by a sharp forward angle that forms a hump; having spinal curvature.
hunched:Raise (one's shoulders) and bend the top of one's body forward.
hunches:Raise (one's shoulders) and bend the top of one's body forward.
hunching:Raise (one's shoulders) and bend the top of one's body forward.
hundred:A subdivision of a county or shire, having its own court.
hundreds:A subdivision of a county or shire, having its own court.
hundredth:Constituting number one hundred in a sequence; 100th.
hundredths:Constituting number one hundred in a sequence; 100th.
hundredweight:(in the US) equal to 100 lb avoirdupois (about 45.4 kg).
hundredweights:A unit of weight equal to 112 lb avoirdupois (about 50.8 kg).
hung:past and past participle of hang
hungary:A country in central Europe; population 9,900,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Budapest; official language, Hungarian.
hunger:A feeling of discomfort or weakness caused by lack of food, coupled with the desire to eat.
hungered:Have a strong desire or craving for.
hungering:Have a strong desire or craving for.
hungers:Have a strong desire or craving for.
hungrier:Feeling or showing the need for food.
hungriest:Feeling or showing the need for food.
hungrily:In a way that shows a need or desire for food.
hungry:Feeling or displaying the need for food.
hunk:A large piece of something, especially food, cut or broken off a larger piece.
hunkers:Haunches.
hunks:A large piece of something, especially food, cut or broken off a larger piece.
hunt:Pursue and kill (a wild animal) for sport or food.
hunted:Being pursued or searched for.
hunter:A person or animal that hunts.
hunters:A person or animal that hunts.
hunting:The activity of hunting wild animals or game, especially for food or sport.
hunts:Pursue and kill (a wild animal) for sport or food.
huntsman:A person who hunts.
huntsmen:A person who hunts.
hurdle:Take part in a race that involves jumping hurdles.
hurdled:Take part in a hurdle race.
hurdler:An athlete, dog, or horse that runs in hurdle races.
hurdlers:An athlete, dog, or horse that runs in hurdle races.
hurdles:Take part in a hurdle race.
hurl:Throw (an object) with great force.
hurled:Throw or impel (someone or something) with great force.
hurling:An Irish game resembling field hockey, played with a shorter stick with a broader oval blade. It is the national game of Ireland and may date back to the 2nd millennium BC.
hurls:Throw or impel (someone or something) with great force.
hurrah:An utterance of the word “hurrah.”
hurrahs:Used to express joy or approval.
hurray:Shout ‘hurrah’
hurricane:A storm with a violent wind, in particular a tropical cyclone in the Caribbean.
hurricanes:A storm with a violent wind, in particular a tropical cyclone in the Caribbean.
hurried:Done in a hurry; rushed.
hurriedly:In a quick or rushed manner.
hurries:Move or act with great haste.
hurry:Move or act with great haste.
hurrying:Move or act with great haste.
hurt:Cause physical pain or injury to.
hurtful:Causing distress to someone's feelings.
hurting:Cause pain or injury to.
hurtle:Move or cause to move at a great speed, typically in a wildly uncontrolled manner.
hurtled:Move or cause to move at high speed, typically in an uncontrolled manner.
hurtles:Move or cause to move at high speed, typically in an uncontrolled manner.
hurtling:Move or cause to move at high speed, typically in an uncontrolled manner.
hurts:Cause pain or injury to.
husband:Use (resources) economically; conserve.
husbandman:A person who cultivates the land; a farmer.
husbandmen:A person who cultivates the land; a farmer.
husbandry:The care, cultivation, and breeding of crops and animals.
husbands:Use (resources) economically.
hush:Make (someone) be quiet or stop talking.
hushed:Having a calm and still silence.
hushes:Make (someone) be quiet or stop talking.
hushing:Make (someone) be quiet or stop talking.
husk:Remove the husk or husks from.
husked:Remove the husk or husks from.
huskier:(of a voice or utterance) sounding low-pitched and slightly hoarse.
huskies:(of a voice or utterance) sounding low-pitched and slightly hoarse.
huskiest:(of a voice or utterance) sounding low-pitched and slightly hoarse.
husks:Remove the husk or husks from.
husky:(of a voice or utterance) sounding low-pitched and slightly hoarse.
hussies:A girl or woman who behaves in a disrespectful or inappropriate way or who has many casual sexual relationships.
hussy:A girl or woman who behaves in a disrespectful or inappropriate way or who has many casual sexual relationships.
hustings:A meeting at which candidates in an election address potential voters.
hustle:Force (someone) to move hurriedly or unceremoniously in a specified direction.
hustled:Push roughly; jostle.
hustler:An aggressively enterprising person; a go-getter.
hustlers:A person adept at aggressive selling or illicit dealing.
hustles:Push roughly; jostle.
hustling:Push roughly; jostle.
hut:Provide with huts.
hutch:A box or cage, typically with a wire mesh front, for keeping rabbits, ferrets, or other small domesticated animals.
hutches:A box or cage, typically with a wire mesh front, for keeping rabbits or other small domesticated animals.
huts:Provide with huts.
hyacinth:A bulbous plant of the lily family, with straplike leaves and a compact spike of bell-shaped fragrant flowers. Native to western Asia, hyacinths are cultivated outdoors and as houseplants.
hyacinths:A bulbous plant of the lily family, with straplike leaves and a compact spike of bell-shaped fragrant flowers. Native to western Asia, hyacinths are cultivated outdoors and as houseplants.
hyaena:A doglike African mammal with forelimbs that are longer than the hindlimbs and an erect mane. Hyenas are noted as scavengers but most are also effective hunters.
hyaenas:A doglike African mammal with forelimbs that are longer than the hindlimbs and an erect mane. Hyenas are noted as scavengers but most are also effective hunters.
hybrid:The offspring of two plants or animals of different species or varieties, such as a mule (a hybrid of a donkey and a horse)
hybridisation:The process of an animal or plant breeding with an individual of another species or variety.
hybridised:Cross-breed (individuals of two different species or varieties)
hybrids:The offspring of two plants or animals of different species or varieties, such as a mule.
hydra:A minute freshwater coelenterate with a tubular body and a ring of tentacles around the mouth.
hydrangea:A shrub or climbing plant with rounded or flattened flowering heads of small florets, the outer ones of which are typically infertile. Hydrangeas are native to Asia and America.
hydrangeas:A shrub or climbing plant with rounded or flattened flowering heads of small florets, native to Asia and America.
hydrant:A fixture in a street or other public place with a nozzle by which a hose may be attached to a water main.
hydrants:A fitting in a street or other public place with a nozzle by which a hose may be attached to a water main.
hydrate:Cause to absorb water.
hydrated:Cause to absorb water.
hydration:The process of causing something to absorb water.
hydraulic:Denoting, relating to, or operated by a liquid moving in a confined space under pressure.
hydraulics:The branch of science and technology concerned with the conveyance of liquids through pipes and channels, especially as a source of mechanical force or control.
hydrazine:A colorless volatile alkaline liquid with powerful reducing properties, used in chemical synthesis and in some kinds of rocket fuels.
hydride:A binary compound of hydrogen with a metal.
hydro:A hydroelectric power plant.
hydrocarbon:A compound of hydrogen and carbon, such as any of those which are the chief components of petroleum and natural gas.
hydrocarbons:A compound of hydrogen and carbon, such as any of those which are the chief components of petroleum and natural gas.
hydrochloride:A compound of a particular organic base with hydrochloric acid.
hydrodynamics:The branch of science concerned with forces acting on or exerted by fluids (especially liquids).
hydroelectric:Relating to or denoting the generation of electricity using flowing water (typically from a reservoir held behind a dam or other barrier) to drive a turbine that powers a generator.
hydrofoil:A boat whose hull is fitted underneath with shaped vanes (foils) that lift the hull clear of the water to increase the boat's speed.
hydrofoils:A boat whose hull is fitted underneath with shaped vanes (foils) which lift the hull clear of the water at speed.
hydrogen:A colorless, odorless, highly flammable gas, the chemical element of atomic number 1.
hydrogenated:Charged or combined with hydrogen.
hydrology:The branch of science concerned with the properties of the earth's water, and especially its movement in relation to land.
hydrolysis:The chemical breakdown of a compound due to reaction with water.
hydromechanics:The mechanics of liquids; hydrodynamics, especially in relation to mechanical applications.
hydrophobia:Extreme or irrational fear of water, especially as a symptom of rabies in humans.
hydrophobic:Tending to repel or fail to mix with water.
hydrosphere:All the waters on the earth's surface, such as lakes and seas, and sometimes including water over the earth's surface, such as clouds.
hydrostatic:Relating to or denoting the equilibrium of liquids and the pressure exerted by liquid at rest.
hydrostatics:The branch of mechanics concerned with the hydrostatic properties of liquids.
hydrothermal:Relating to or denoting the action of heated water in the earth's crust.
hydrous:Containing water as a constituent.
hydroxide:A compound of a metal with the hydroxide ion OH⁻ (as in many alkalis) or the group —OH.
hydroxides:A compound of a metal with the hydroxide ion OH⁻ (as in many alkalis) or the group —OH.
hyena:A doglike African mammal with forelimbs that are longer than the hind limbs and an erect mane. Hyenas are noted as scavengers but most are also effective hunters.
hyenas:A doglike African mammal with forelimbs that are longer than the hindlimbs and an erect mane. Hyenas are noted as scavengers but most are also effective hunters.
hygiene:Conditions or practices conducive to maintaining health and preventing disease, especially through cleanliness.
hygienic:Conducive to maintaining health and preventing disease, especially by being clean; sanitary.
hygienist:A specialist in the promotion of clean conditions for the preservation of health.
hygienists:A specialist in the promotion of clean conditions for the preservation of health.
hygroscopic:(of a substance) tending to absorb moisture from the air.
hymen:A membrane which partially closes the opening of the vagina and whose presence is traditionally taken to be a mark of virginity.
hymens:A membrane which partially closes the opening of the vagina and whose presence is traditionally taken to be a mark of virginity.
hymn:Praise or celebrate (something)
hymnal:A book of hymns.
hymns:Praise (something)
hype:Promote or publicize (a product or idea) intensively, often exaggerating its importance or benefits.
hyperactive:Abnormally or extremely active.
hyperactivity:The condition of being abnormally or extremely active.
hyperbola:A symmetrical open curve formed by the intersection of a circular cone with a plane at a smaller angle with its axis than the side of the cone.
hyperbolas:A symmetrical open curve formed by the intersection of a circular cone with a plane at a smaller angle with its axis than the side of the cone.
hyperbole:Exaggerated statements or claims not meant to be taken literally.
hyperbolic:Relating to a hyperbola.
hyperboloid:A solid or surface having plane sections that are hyperbolas, ellipses, or circles.
hypercube:A geometric figure in four or more dimensions that is analogous to a cube in three dimensions.
hyperinflation:Monetary inflation occurring at a very high rate.
hypermarket:A very large store with a wide range of goods and a large parking lot, typically situated outside a town.
hypersensitive:Abnormally or excessively sensitive, either psychologically or in physical response.
hypersensitivity:Extreme physical sensitivity to particular substances or conditions.
hypersonic:Relating to speeds of more than five times the speed of sound (Mach 5).
hyperspace:Space of more than three dimensions.
hypertension:Abnormally high blood pressure.
hypertext:A software system that links topics on the screen to related information and graphics, which are typically accessed by a point-and-click method.
hypertonic:Having a higher osmotic pressure than a particular fluid, typically a body fluid or intracellular fluid.
hyperventilated:Breathe at an abnormally rapid rate, so increasing the rate of loss of carbon dioxide.
hyperventilating:Breathe at an abnormally rapid rate, so increasing the rate of loss of carbon dioxide.
hyphen:The sign -, used to join words to indicate that they have a combined meaning or that they are linked in the grammar of a sentence (as in pick-me-up, rock-forming), to indicate the division of a word at the end of a line, or to indicate a missing or implied element (as in short- and long-term).
hyphenate:Write with a hyphen.
hyphenated:Write or separate with a hyphen.
hyphenates:Write or separate with a hyphen.
hyphenating:Write or separate with a hyphen.
hyphens:The sign -, used to join words to indicate that they have a combined meaning or that they are linked in the grammar of a sentence (as in a pick-me-up, rock-forming minerals), to indicate the division of a word at the end of a line, or to indicate a missing element (as in short- and long-term).
hypnosis:The induction of a state of consciousness in which a person apparently loses the power of voluntary action and is highly responsive to suggestion or direction. Its use in therapy, typically to recover suppressed memories or to allow modification of behavior by suggestion, has been revived but is still controversial.
hypnotherapy:The use of hypnosis as a therapeutic technique.
hypnotic:A sleep-inducing drug.
hypnotise:Produce a state of hypnosis in (someone)
hypnotised:Produce a state of hypnosis in (someone)
hypnotising:Produce a state of hypnosis in (someone)
hypnotism:The study or practice of hypnosis.
hypnotist:A person who carries out hypnosis, either for medical reasons or for entertainment.
hypochondria:Abnormal anxiety about one's health, especially with an unwarranted fear that one has a serious disease.
hypochondriac:A person who is abnormally anxious about their health.
hypochondriacal:Of or affected by hypochondria.
hypochondriacs:A person who is abnormally anxious about their health.
hypocrisies:The practice of claiming to have higher standards or more noble beliefs than is the case.
hypocrisy:The practice of claiming to have moral standards or beliefs to which one's own behavior does not conform; pretense.
hypocrite:A person who indulges in hypocrisy.
hypocrites:A hypocritical person.
hypocritical:Behaving in a way that suggests one has higher standards or more noble beliefs than is the case.
hypodermic:A hypodermic syringe or injection.
hypoglycaemia:Deficiency of glucose in the bloodstream.
hypotension:Abnormally low blood pressure.
hypothalamus:A region of the forebrain below the thalamus which coordinates both the autonomic nervous system and the activity of the pituitary, controlling body temperature, thirst, hunger, and other homeostatic systems, and involved in sleep and emotional activity.
hypothermia:The condition of having an abnormally low body temperature, typically one that is dangerously low.
hypotheses:A supposition or proposed explanation made on the basis of limited evidence as a starting point for further investigation.
hypothesis:A supposition or proposed explanation made on the basis of limited evidence as a starting point for further investigation.
hypothesise:Put (something) forward as a hypothesis.
hypothesised:Put (something) forward as a hypothesis.
hypothesising:Put (something) forward as a hypothesis.
hypothetical:A hypothetical proposition or statement.
hypothetically:By imagining a possibility rather than reality; as a hypothesis.
hypoxia:Deficiency in the amount of oxygen reaching the tissues.
hyssop:A small bushy aromatic plant of the mint family, the bitter minty leaves of which are used in cooking and herbal medicine.
hysterectomy:A surgical operation to remove all or part of the uterus.
hysteresis:The phenomenon in which the value of a physical property lags behind changes in the effect causing it, as for instance when magnetic induction lags behind the magnetizing force.
hysteria:Exaggerated or uncontrollable emotion or excitement, especially among a group of people.
hysteric:A wildly emotional and exaggerated reaction.
hysterical:Deriving from or affected by uncontrolled extreme emotion.
hysterically:With wildly uncontrolled emotion.
hysterics:A wildly emotional and exaggerated reaction.
iambic:Iambic verse as a genre.
iambus:another term for iamb
iatrogenic:Relating to illness caused by medical examination or treatment.
iberia:The ancient name for the Iberian peninsula.
iberian:A native of Iberia, especially in ancient times.
ibex:A wild goat with long, thick ridged horns and a beard, found in the mountains of the Alps, Pyrenees, central Asia, and Ethiopia.
ibexes:A wild mountain goat with long, thick ridged horns and a beard, found in parts of central Asia and in Ethiopia.
ibis:A large wading bird with a long down-curved bill, long neck, and long legs.
ibises:A large wading bird with a long downcurved bill, long neck, and long legs.
icarus:The son of Daedalus, who escaped from Crete using wings made by his father but was killed when he flew too near the sun and the wax attaching his wings melted.
ice:Decorate (a cake) with icing.
iceberg:A large floating mass of ice detached from a glacier or ice sheet and carried out to sea.
icebergs:A large floating mass of ice detached from a glacier or ice sheet and carried out to sea.
icebox:A chilled box or cupboard for keeping something cold, especially food.
iced:(of a drink or other liquid) cooled in or mixed with pieces of ice.
iceland:An island country in the North Atlantic Ocean, just south of the Arctic Circle, at the northern end of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, volcanically active, only about 20 percent habitable; population 329,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Reykjavik; official language, Icelandic.
iceman:A man who sells or delivers ice.
ices:Decorate (a cake or biscuit) with icing.
ichneumon:A slender parasitic wasp with long antennae, which deposits its eggs in, on, or near the larvae of other insects.
icicle:A hanging, tapering piece of ice formed by the freezing of dripping water.
icicles:A hanging, tapering piece of ice formed by the freezing of dripping water.
icier:Covered with or consisting of ice.
iciest:Covered with or consisting of ice.
icing:A mixture of sugar with liquid or butter, typically flavored and colored, and used as a coating for cakes or cookies.
icings:A mixture of sugar with water, egg white, or butter, used as a coating for cakes or biscuits.
icon:A painting of Jesus Christ or another holy figure, typically in a traditional style on wood, venerated and used as an aid to devotion in the Byzantine and other Eastern Churches.
iconic:Relating to or of the nature of an icon.
iconoclasm:The action of attacking or assertively rejecting cherished beliefs and institutions or established values and practices.
iconoclast:A person who attacks cherished beliefs or institutions.
iconoclastic:Characterized by attack on cherished beliefs or institutions.
iconoclasts:A person who attacks or criticizes cherished beliefs or institutions.
iconography:The visual images and symbols used in a work of art or the study or interpretation of these.
icons:A devotional painting of Christ or another holy figure, typically executed on wood and used ceremonially in the Byzantine and other Eastern Churches.
icosahedra:A solid figure with twenty plane faces, especially equilateral triangular ones.
icosahedron:A solid figure with twenty plane faces, especially equilateral triangular ones.
icy:Covered with or consisting of ice.
id:The part of the mind in which innate instinctive impulses and primary processes are manifest.
idaho:A state in the northwestern US, bordering on the Canadian province of British Columbia to the north and containing part of the Rocky Mountains; population 1,523,816 (est. 2008); capital, Boise. It became the 43rd state of the US in 1890.
idea:A thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action.
ideal:A person or thing regarded as perfect.
idealisation:The action of regarding or representing something as perfect or better than in reality.
idealisations:The action of regarding or representing something as perfect or better than in reality.
idealise:Regard or represent as perfect or better than in reality.
idealised:Regarded or represented as perfect or better than in reality.
idealises:Regard or represent as perfect or better than in reality.
idealising:Regard or represent as perfect or better than in reality.
idealism:The practice of forming or pursuing ideals, especially unrealistically.
idealist:A person who is guided more by ideals than by practical considerations.
idealistic:Characterized by idealism; unrealistically aiming for perfection.
idealists:A person who is guided more by ideals than by practical considerations.
ideality:The state or quality of being ideal.
ideally:Preferably; in an ideal world.
ideals:A person or thing regarded as perfect.
ideas:A thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action.
idem:Used in citations to indicate an author or work that has just been mentioned.
identical:Similar in every detail; exactly alike.
identically:In exactly the same way.
identifiable:Able to be recognized; distinguishable.
identification:The action or process of identifying someone or something or the fact of being identified.
identifications:The action or process of identifying someone or something or the fact of being identified.
identified:Establish or indicate who or what (someone or something) is.
identifier:A person or thing that identifies something.
identifiers:A person or thing that identifies someone or something.
identifies:Establish or indicate who or what (someone or something) is.
identify:Establish or indicate who or what (someone or something) is.
identifying:Establish or indicate who or what (someone or something) is.
identities:The fact of being who or what a person or thing is.
identity:The fact of being who or what a person or thing is.
ideograms:A character symbolizing the idea of a thing without indicating the sounds used to say it. Examples include numerals and Chinese characters.
ideological:Based on or relating to a system of ideas and ideals, especially concerning economic or political theory and policy.
ideologically:In a way that relates to ideas or an ideology, especially of a political or economic nature.
ideologies:A system of ideas and ideals, especially one which forms the basis of economic or political theory and policy.
ideologue:An adherent of an ideology, especially one who is uncompromising and dogmatic.
ideologues:An adherent of an ideology, especially one who is uncompromising and dogmatic.
ideology:A system of ideas and ideals, especially one which forms the basis of economic or political theory and policy.
ides:(in the ancient Roman calendar) a day falling roughly in the middle of each month (the 15th day of March, May, July, and October, and the 13th of other months) from which other dates were calculated.
idiocies:Extremely stupid behaviour.
idiocy:Extremely stupid behavior.
idiolect:The speech habits peculiar to a particular person.
idiom:A group of words established by usage as having a meaning not deducible from those of the individual words (e.g., rain cats and dogs, see the light).
idiomatic:Using, containing, or denoting expressions that are natural to a native speaker.
idioms:A group of words established by usage as having a meaning not deducible from those of the individual words (e.g. over the moon, see the light).
idiopathic:Relating to or denoting any disease or condition which arises spontaneously or for which the cause is unknown.
idiosyncrasies:A mode of behaviour or way of thought peculiar to an individual.
idiosyncrasy:A mode of behavior or way of thought peculiar to an individual.
idiosyncratic:Relating to idiosyncrasy; peculiar or individual.
idiot:A stupid person.
idiotic:Very stupid.
idiots:A stupid person.
idle:Spend time doing nothing.
idled:Spend time doing nothing.
idleness:Laziness; indolence.
idler:A habitually lazy person.
idlers:A person who avoids work or spends time in an aimless or lazy way.
idles:Spend time doing nothing.
idlest:Spend time doing nothing.
idling:Spend time doing nothing.
idly:With no particular purpose, reason, or foundation.
idol:An image or representation of a god used as an object of worship.
idolaters:A person who worships an idol or idols.
idolatrous:Worshiping idols.
idolatry:The worship of idols.
idolise:Admire, revere, or love greatly or excessively.
idolised:Admire, revere, or love greatly or excessively.
idols:An image or representation of a god used as an object of worship.
ids:The part of the mind in which innate instinctive impulses and primary processes are manifest.
idyll:An extremely happy, peaceful, or picturesque episode or scene, typically an idealized or unsustainable one.
idyllic:(especially of a time or place) like an idyll; extremely happy, peaceful, or picturesque.
if:A condition or supposition.
ifs:A condition or supposition.
igloo:A type of dome-shaped shelter built from blocks of solid snow, traditionally used by Inuits.
igloos:A type of dome-shaped shelter built from blocks of solid snow, traditionally used by Inuits.
igneous:(of rock) having solidified from lava or magma.
ignite:Catch fire or cause to catch fire.
ignited:Catch fire or cause to catch fire.
igniter:A device for igniting a fuel mixture in an engine.
ignites:Catch fire or cause to catch fire.
igniting:Catch fire or cause to catch fire.
ignition:The action of setting something on fire or starting to burn.
ignoble:Not honorable in character or purpose.
ignominious:Deserving or causing public disgrace or shame.
ignominy:Public shame or disgrace.
ignoramus:An ignorant or stupid person.
ignoramuses:An ignorant or stupid person.
ignorance:Lack of knowledge or information.
ignorant:Lacking knowledge or awareness in general; uneducated or unsophisticated.
ignore:Refuse to take notice of or acknowledge; disregard intentionally.
ignored:Refuse to take notice of or acknowledge; disregard intentionally.
ignores:Refuse to take notice of or acknowledge; disregard intentionally.
ignoring:Refuse to take notice of or acknowledge; disregard intentionally.
iguana:A large, arboreal, tropical American lizard with a spiny crest along the back and greenish coloration, occasionally kept as a pet.
iguanas:A large arboreal tropical American lizard with a spiny crest along the back and greenish coloration.
ileum:The third portion of the small intestine, between the jejunum and the cecum.
iliad:A Greek hexameter epic poem in twenty-four books, traditionally ascribed to Homer, telling how Achilles killed Hector at the climax of the Trojan War.
ilk:A type of people or things similar to those already referred to.
ill:Badly, wrongly, or imperfectly.
illegal:A person present in a country without official authorization.
illegalities:The state of being contrary to or forbidden by law, especially criminal law.
illegality:The state of being contrary to or forbidden by law, especially criminal law.
illegally:In a way that is contrary to or forbidden by law.
illegible:Not clear enough to be read.
illegitimacy:The state of not being in accordance with accepted standards or rules; lack of authorization by the law.
illegitimate:A person who is illegitimate by birth.
illiberal:Opposed to liberal principles; restricting freedom of thought or behavior.
illicit:Forbidden by law, rules, or custom.
illicitly:In a way that is contrary to or forbidden by law, rules, or custom.
illimitable:Without limits or an end.
illinois:A state in the eastern central US; population 12,901,563 (est. 2008); capital, Springfield. It was colonized by the French but was ceded to Britain in 1763. It was acquired by the US in 1783 and became the 21st state in 1818.
illiquid:(of assets) not easily converted into cash.
illiteracy:The inability to read or write.
illiterate:A person who is unable to read or write.
illiterates:A person who is unable to read or write.
illness:A disease or period of sickness affecting the body or mind.
illnesses:A disease or period of sickness affecting the body or mind.
illogic:Reasoning or thought which is not logical.
illogical:Lacking sense or clear, sound reasoning.
ills:Badly, wrongly, or imperfectly.
illuminant:A means of lighting or source of light.
illuminate:Make (something) visible or bright by shining light on it; light up.
illuminated:Lit with bright lights.
illuminates:Make (something) visible or bright by shining light on it; light up.
illuminating:Helping to clarify or explain something.
illumination:Lighting or light.
illuminations:Lighting or light.
illumine:Light up; brighten.
illusion:A thing that is or is likely to be wrongly perceived or interpreted by the senses.
illusionist:A person who performs tricks that deceive the eye; a magician.
illusionists:A person who performs tricks that deceive the eye; a magician.
illusive:Deceptive; illusory.
illusory:Based on illusion; not real.
illustrate:Provide (a book, newspaper, etc.) with pictures.
illustrated:(of a book, newspaper, etc.) containing pictures or other graphical material.
illustrates:Provide (a book, newspaper, etc.) with pictures.
illustrating:Provide (a book, newspaper, etc.) with pictures.
illustration:A picture illustrating a book, newspaper, etc.
illustrations:A picture illustrating a book, newspaper, etc.
illustrative:Serving as an example or explanation.
illustrator:A person who draws or creates pictures for magazines, books, advertising, etc.
illustrators:A person who draws or creates pictures for magazines, books, advertising, etc.
illustrious:Well known, respected, and admired for past achievements.
ilmenite:A black mineral consisting of iron titanium oxide, of which it is the main ore.
im:Send (someone) an instant message.
image:Make a representation of the external form of.
imaged:Make a representation of the external form of.
imagery:Visually descriptive or figurative language, especially in a literary work.
images:Make a representation of the external form of.
imaginable:Possible to be thought of or believed.
imaginary:Existing only in the imagination.
imagination:The faculty or action of forming new ideas, or images or concepts of external objects not present to the senses.
imaginations:The faculty or action of forming new ideas, or images or concepts of external objects not present to the senses.
imaginative:Having or showing creativity or inventiveness.
imaginatively:In a way that shows creativity or inventiveness.
imagine:Form a mental image or concept of.
imagined:(of something unreal or untrue) believed to exist or be so.
imagines:The final and fully developed adult stage of an insect, typically winged.
imaging:The process of making a visual representation of something by scanning it with a detector or electromagnetic beam.
imagining:Form a mental image or concept of.
imaginings:Thoughts or fantasies.
imago:The final and fully developed adult stage of an insect, typically winged.
imam:The person who leads prayers in a mosque.
imams:The person who leads prayers in a mosque.
imbalance:Lack of proportion or relation between corresponding things.
imbalances:Lack of proportion or relation between corresponding things.
imbecile:A stupid person.
imbeciles:A stupid person.
imbedded:(of an object) fixed firmly and deeply in a surrounding mass; implanted.
imbeds:Fix (an object) firmly and deeply in a surrounding mass.
imbibe:Drink (alcohol)
imbibed:Drink (alcohol)
imbibing:Drink (alcohol)
imbroglio:An extremely confused, complicated, or embarrassing situation.
imbue:Inspire or permeate with (a feeling or quality)
imbued:Inspire or permeate with (a feeling or quality)
imitate:Take or follow as a model.
imitated:Take or follow as a model.
imitates:Take or follow as a model.
imitating:Take or follow as a model.
imitation:The action of using someone or something as a model.
imitations:The action of using someone or something as a model.
imitative:Copying or following a model or example.
imitator:A person who copies the behavior or actions of another.
imitators:Someone who copies the behaviour or actions of another.
immaculate:(especially of a person or their clothes) perfectly clean, neat, or tidy.
immaculately:In a perfectly clean, neat, or tidy manner.
immanent:Existing or operating within; inherent.
immanently:In an immanent manner, by immanence; inherently.
immaterial:Unimportant under the circumstances; irrelevant.
immature:Not fully developed.
immaturity:The state of being immature or not fully grown.
immeasurable:Too large, extensive, or extreme to measure.
immeasurably:To an extreme or extensive degree; immensely.
immediacy:The quality of bringing one into direct and instant involvement with something, giving rise to a sense of urgency or excitement.
immediate:Occurring or done at once; instant.
immediately:At once; instantly.
immemorial:Originating in the distant past; very old.
immense:Extremely large or great, especially in scale or degree.
immensely:To a great extent; extremely.
immensities:The extremely large size, scale, or extent of something.
immensity:The extremely large size, scale, or extent of something.
immerse:Dip or submerge in a liquid.
immersed:Dip or submerge in a liquid.
immerses:Dip or submerge in a liquid.
immersing:Dip or submerge in a liquid.
immersion:The action of immersing someone or something in a liquid.
immigrant:A person who comes to live permanently in a foreign country.
immigrants:A person who comes to live permanently in a foreign country.
immigrate:Come to live permanently in a foreign country.
immigrated:Come to live permanently in a foreign country.
immigrating:Come to live permanently in a foreign country.
immigration:The action of coming to live permanently in a foreign country.
imminence:The state or fact of being about to happen.
imminent:About to happen.
imminently:Very soon.
immiscible:(of liquids) not forming a homogeneous mixture when added together.
immobile:Not moving; motionless.
immobilise:Prevent (something or someone) from moving or operating as normal.
immobilised:Prevent (something or someone) from moving or operating as normal.
immobiliser:A device for immobilizing a motor vehicle in order to prevent theft.
immobilises:Prevent (something or someone) from moving or operating as normal.
immobilising:Prevent (something or someone) from moving or operating as normal.
immobility:The state of not moving; motionlessness.
immoderate:Not sensible or restrained; excessive.
immodest:Lacking humility or decency.
immolate:Kill or offer as a sacrifice, especially by burning.
immolated:Kill or offer as a sacrifice, especially by burning.
immoral:Not conforming to accepted standards of morality.
immorality:The state or quality of being immoral; wickedness.
immortal:An immortal being, especially a god of ancient Greece or Rome.
immortalised:Confer enduring fame upon.
immortality:The ability to live forever; eternal life.
immortals:An immortal being, especially a god of ancient Greece or Rome.
immovable:Immovable property.
immoveable:Immovable property.
immune:Resistant to a particular infection or toxin owing to the presence of specific antibodies or sensitized white blood cells.
immunisation:The action of making a person or animal immune to infection, typically by inoculation.
immunisations:The action of making a person or animal immune to infection, typically by inoculation.
immunise:Make (a person or animal) immune to infection, typically by inoculation.
immunised:Make (a person or animal) immune to infection, typically by inoculation.
immunises:Make (a person or animal) immune to infection, typically by inoculation.
immunities:The ability of an organism to resist a particular infection or toxin by the action of specific antibodies or sensitized white blood cells.
immunity:The ability of an organism to resist a particular infection or toxin by the action of specific antibodies or sensitized white blood cells.
immunoassay:A procedure for detecting or measuring specific proteins or other substances through their properties as antigens or antibodies.
immunocompromised:Having an impaired immune system.
immunodeficiency:Failure of the immune system to protect the body adequately from infection, due to the absence or insufficiency of some component process or substance.
immunological:Relating to or involving immunity to infections or toxins.
immunology:The branch of medicine and biology concerned with immunity.
immunosuppression:The partial or complete suppression of the immune response of an individual. It is induced to help the survival of an organ after a transplant operation.
immunosuppressive:A drug that suppresses the immune response of an individual.
immured:Enclose or confine (someone) against their will.
immutable:Unchanging over time or unable to be changed.
imp:Repair a damaged feather in (the wing or tail of a trained hawk) by attaching part of a new feather.
impact:The action of one object coming forcibly into contact with another.
impacted:Pressed firmly together.
impacting:Come into forcible contact with another object.
impaction:The condition of being or process of becoming impacted, especially of feces in the intestine.
impacts:Come into forcible contact with another object.
impair:Weaken or damage something (especially a human faculty or function)
impaired:Weakened or damaged.
impairing:Weaken or damage (something, especially a faculty or function)
impairment:The state or fact of being impaired, especially in a specified faculty.
impairments:The state or fact of being impaired, especially in a specified faculty.
impairs:Weaken or damage (something, especially a faculty or function)
impala:A graceful antelope often seen in large herds in open woodland in southern and East Africa.
impalas:A graceful antelope often seen in large herds in open woodland in southern and East Africa.
impale:Pierce or transfix with a sharp instrument.
impaled:Transfix or pierce with a sharp instrument.
impales:Transfix or pierce with a sharp instrument.
impaling:Transfix or pierce with a sharp instrument.
impalpable:Unable to be felt by touch.
impart:Make (information) known; communicate.
imparted:Make (information) known.
impartial:Treating all rivals or disputants equally; fair and just.
impartiality:Equal treatment of all rivals or disputants; fairness.
impartially:In a way that treats all rivals or disputants equally.
imparting:Make (information) known.
imparts:Make (information) known.
impassable:Impossible to travel along or over.
impasse:A situation in which no progress is possible, especially because of disagreement; a deadlock.
impassioned:Filled with or showing great emotion.
impassive:Not feeling or showing emotion.
impatience:The tendency to be impatient; irritability or restlessness.
impatient:Having or showing a tendency to be quickly irritated or provoked.
impatiently:In a way that shows irritation or annoyance.
impeach:(especially in the US) charge (the holder of a public office) with misconduct.
impeached:(especially in the US) charge (the holder of a public office) with misconduct.
impeaches:(especially in the US) charge (the holder of a public office) with misconduct.
impeachment:(especially in the US) a charge of misconduct made against the holder of a public office.
impeachments:(especially in the US) a charge of misconduct made against the holder of a public office.
impeccable:(of behavior, performance, or appearance) in accordance with the highest standards of propriety; faultless.
impeccably:In accordance with the highest standards; faultlessly.
impecunious:Having little or no money.
impedance:The effective resistance of an electric circuit or component to alternating current, arising from the combined effects of ohmic resistance and reactance.
impede:Delay or prevent (someone or something) by obstructing them; hinder.
impeded:Delay or prevent (someone or something) by obstructing them; hinder.
impedes:Delay or prevent (someone or something) by obstructing them; hinder.
impediment:A hindrance or obstruction in doing something.
impedimenta:Equipment for an activity or expedition, especially when considered as bulky or an encumbrance.
impediments:A hindrance or obstruction in doing something.
impeding:Delay or prevent (someone or something) by obstructing them; hinder.
impel:Drive, force, or urge (someone) to do something.
impelled:Drive, force, or urge (someone) to do something.
impelling:Drive, force, or urge (someone) to do something.
impels:Drive, force, or urge (someone) to do something.
impend:(of an event regarded as threatening or significant) be about to happen.
impending:(of an event regarded as threatening or significant) about to happen; forthcoming.
impenetrable:Impossible to pass through or enter.
imperative:An essential or urgent thing.
imperatives:An essential or urgent thing.
imperceptible:Impossible to perceive.
imperceptibly:In a way that is so slight, gradual, or subtle as not to be perceived.
imperfect:The imperfect tense.
imperfection:A fault, blemish, or undesirable feature.
imperfections:A fault, blemish, or undesirable feature.
imperfectly:In a flawed or incomplete way.
imperial:A small pointed beard growing below the lower lip (associated with Napoleon III of France).
imperialism:A policy of extending a country's power and influence through diplomacy or military force.
imperialist:A person who supports or practices imperialism.
imperialistic:Relating to or characterized by a policy of imperialism.
imperialists:A person who supports or practises imperialism.
imperil:Put at risk of being harmed, injured, or destroyed.
imperilled:Put at risk of being harmed, injured, or destroyed.
imperious:Assuming power or authority without justification; arrogant and domineering.
imperishable:Enduring forever.
imperium:Absolute power.
impermanence:The state or fact of lasting for only a limited period of time.
impermanent:Not permanent.
impermeable:Not allowing fluid to pass through.
impermissible:Too bad to be allowed.
impersonal:Not influenced by, showing, or involving personal feelings.
impersonate:Pretend to be (another person) as entertainment or in order to deceive someone.
impersonated:Pretend to be (another person) for entertainment or fraud.
impersonates:Pretend to be (another person) for entertainment or fraud.
impersonating:Pretend to be (another person) for entertainment or fraud.
impersonation:An act of pretending to be another person for the purpose of entertainment or fraud.
impersonations:An act of pretending to be another person for the purpose of entertainment or fraud.
impersonator:A person who pretends to be someone else for entertainment or fraud.
impersonators:A person who pretends to be someone else for entertainment or fraud.
impertinence:Lack of respect; rudeness.
impertinent:Not showing proper respect; rude.
imperturbable:Unable to be upset or excited; calm.
impervious:Not allowing fluid to pass through.
impetuous:Acting or done quickly and without thought or care.
impetus:The force or energy with which a body moves.
impi:A body of Zulu warriors.
impiety:Lack of piety or reverence, especially for a god.
impinge:Have an effect or impact, especially a negative one.
impinged:Have an effect, especially a negative one.
impingement:Intrusion into an area belonging to or affecting someone or something else.
impinges:Have an effect, especially a negative one.
impinging:Have an effect, especially a negative one.
impious:Not showing respect or reverence, especially for a god.
impish:Inclined to do slightly naughty things for fun; mischievous.
implacable:Unable to be placated.
implant:Insert or fix (tissue or an artificial object) in a person's body, especially by surgery.
implantation:The action of implanting or state of being implanted.
implanted:Insert or fix (tissue or an artificial object) in a person's body, especially by surgery.
implanting:Insert or fix (tissue or an artificial object) in a person's body, especially by surgery.
implants:Insert or fix (tissue or an artificial object) in a person's body, especially by surgery.
implausible:(of an argument or statement) not seeming reasonable or probable; failing to convince.
implement:Put (a decision, plan, agreement, etc.) into effect.
implementation:The process of putting a decision or plan into effect; execution.
implementations:The process of putting a decision or plan into effect; execution.
implemented:Put (a decision, plan, agreement, etc.) into effect.
implementer:Someone or something that puts a decision, plan, agreement, etc. into effect.
implementers:Someone or something that puts a decision, plan, agreement, etc. into effect.
implementing:Put (a decision, plan, agreement, etc.) into effect.
implements:Put (a decision, plan, agreement, etc.) into effect.
implicate:Show (someone) to be involved in a crime.
implicated:Show (someone) to be involved in a crime.
implicates:Show (someone) to be involved in a crime.
implicating:Show (someone) to be involved in a crime.
implication:The conclusion that can be drawn from something although it is not explicitly stated.
implications:The conclusion that can be drawn from something although it is not explicitly stated.
implicit:Implied though not plainly expressed.
implicitly:In a way that is not directly expressed; tacitly.
implied:Suggested but not directly expressed; implicit.
implies:Indicate the truth or existence of (something) by suggestion rather than explicit reference.
implode:Collapse or cause to collapse violently inwards.
imploded:Collapse or cause to collapse violently inwards.
implodes:Collapse or cause to collapse violently inwards.
imploding:Collapse or cause to collapse violently inwards.
implore:Beg someone earnestly or desperately to do something.
implored:Beg someone earnestly or desperately to do something.
implores:Beg someone earnestly or desperately to do something.
imploring:Making an earnest or desperate appeal.
implosion:An instance of something collapsing violently inward.
imply:Strongly suggest the truth or existence of (something not expressly stated)
implying:Indicate the truth or existence of (something) by suggestion rather than explicit reference.
impolite:Not having or showing good manners; rude.
impolitic:Failing to possess or display prudence; unwise.
imponderable:A factor that is difficult or impossible to estimate or assess.
imponderables:A factor that is difficult or impossible to estimate or assess.
import:Bring (goods or services) into a country from abroad for sale.
importance:The state or fact of being of great significance or value.
important:Of great significance or value; likely to have a profound effect on success, survival, or well-being.
importantly:Used to emphasize a significant point or matter.
importation:The bringing of goods or services into a country from abroad for sale.
imported:(of goods or services) brought into a country from abroad for sale.
importer:A person or organization that brings goods or services into a country from abroad for sale.
importers:A person or organization that brings goods or services into a country from abroad for sale.
importing:Bring (goods or services) into a country from abroad for sale.
imports:Bring (goods or services) into a country from abroad for sale.
importunate:Persistent, especially to the point of annoyance or intrusion.
importune:Harass (someone) persistently for or to do something.
importuned:Harass (someone) persistently for or to do something.
importunity:Persistence, especially to the point of annoyance.
impose:Force (something unwelcome or unfamiliar) to be accepted or put in place.
imposed:Force (an unwelcome decision or ruling) on someone.
imposes:Force (an unwelcome decision or ruling) on someone.
imposing:Grand and impressive in appearance.
imposition:The action or process of imposing something or of being imposed.
impositions:The action or process of imposing something or of being imposed.
impossibility:The state or fact of being impossible.
impossible:Not able to occur, exist, or be done.
impossibly:So as to be impossible.
imposter:A person who pretends to be someone else in order to deceive others, especially for fraudulent gain.
imposters:A person who pretends to be someone else in order to deceive others, especially for fraudulent gain.
impostor:A person who pretends to be someone else in order to deceive others, especially for fraudulent gain.
impostors:A person who pretends to be someone else in order to deceive others, especially for fraudulent gain.
impotence:Inability to take effective action; helplessness.
impotent:Unable to take effective action; helpless or powerless.
impound:Seize and take legal custody of (something, especially a vehicle, goods, or documents) because of an infringement of a law or regulation.
impounded:Seize and take legal custody of (something, especially a vehicle, goods, or documents) because of an infringement of a law.
impounding:Seize and take legal custody of (something, especially a vehicle, goods, or documents) because of an infringement of a law.
impoverish:Make (a person or area) poor.
impoverished:(of a person or area) made poor.
impoverishing:Make (a person or area) poor.
impoverishment:The process of becoming poor; loss of wealth.
impracticable:(of a course of action) impossible in practice to do or carry out.
impractical:(of an object or course of action) not adapted for use or action; not sensible or realistic.
imprecation:A spoken curse.
imprecations:A spoken curse.
imprecise:Lacking exactness and accuracy of expression or detail.
imprecision:Lack of exactness or accuracy.
impregnable:(of a fortified position) unable to be captured or broken into.
impregnate:Make (a woman or female animal) pregnant.
impregnated:Soak or saturate (something) with a substance.
impregnating:Soak or saturate (something) with a substance.
impresario:A person who organizes and often finances concerts, plays, or operas.
impress:Make (someone) feel admiration and respect.
impressed:Feeling or showing admiration or respect for someone or something.
impresses:Make (someone) feel admiration and respect.
impressing:Make (someone) feel admiration and respect.
impression:An idea, feeling, or opinion about something or someone, especially one formed without conscious thought or on the basis of little evidence.
impressionable:Easily influenced because of a lack of critical ability.
impressionism:A style or movement in painting originating in France in the 1860s, characterized by a concern with depicting the visual impression of the moment, especially in terms of the shifting effect of light and color.
impressionist:A painter, writer, or composer who is an exponent of impressionism.
impressionistic:Based on subjective reactions presented unsystematically.
impressionists:A painter, writer, or composer who is an exponent of impressionism.
impressions:An idea, feeling, or opinion about something or someone, especially one formed without conscious thought or on the basis of little evidence.
impressive:Evoking admiration through size, quality, or skill; grand, imposing, or awesome.
impressively:In a way that evokes admiration through size, quality, or skill.
imprimatur:An official license by the Roman Catholic Church to print an ecclesiastical or religious book.
imprint:Impress or stamp (a mark or outline) on a surface or body.
imprinted:Impress or stamp (a mark or outline) on a surface.
imprinting:Impress or stamp (a mark or outline) on a surface.
imprints:Impress or stamp (a mark or outline) on a surface.
imprison:Put or keep in prison or a place like a prison.
imprisoned:Kept in prison: captive.
imprisoning:Put or keep in prison or a place like a prison.
imprisonment:The state of being imprisoned; captivity.
imprisonments:The state of being imprisoned; captivity.
imprisons:Put or keep in prison or a place like a prison.
improbabilities:The quality of being improbable; unlikelihood.
improbability:The quality of being improbable; unlikelihood.
improbable:Not likely to be true or to happen.
improbably:In an unexpected or unlikely manner.
impromptu:Without being planned, organized, or rehearsed.
improper:Not in accordance with accepted rules or standards, especially of morality or honesty.
improperly:In a manner not in accordance with accepted standards, especially of morality or honesty.
improprieties:Failure to observe standards of honesty or modesty; improper behaviour or character.
impropriety:A failure to observe standards or show due honesty or modesty; improper language, behavior, or character.
improve:Make or become better.
improved:Having become or been made better.
improvement:An example or instance of improving or being improved.
improvements:An example of improving or being improved.
improves:Make or become better.
improvident:Not having or showing foresight; spendthrift or thoughtless.
improving:Giving moral or intellectual benefit.
improvisation:The action of improvising.
improvisational:Relating to or characterized by spontaneous performance, especially in music or drama.
improvisatory:Created and performed spontaneously or without preparation.
improvise:Create and perform (music, drama, or verse) spontaneously or without preparation.
improvised:Created and performed spontaneously or without preparation; impromptu.
improvises:Create and perform (music, drama, or verse) spontaneously or without preparation.
improvising:Create and perform (music, drama, or verse) spontaneously or without preparation.
imprudent:Not showing care for the consequences of an action; rash.
imps:Repair a damaged feather in (the wing or tail of a trained hawk) by attaching part of a new feather.
impudence:The quality of being impudent; impertinence.
impudent:Not showing due respect for another person; impertinent.
impugn:Dispute the truth, validity, or honesty of (a statement or motive); call into question.
impugned:Dispute the truth, validity, or honesty of (a statement or motive); call into question.
impugning:Dispute the truth, validity, or honesty of (a statement or motive); call into question.
impulse:A sudden strong and unreflective urge or desire to act.
impulses:A sudden strong and unreflective urge or desire to act.
impulsion:A strong urge to do something; an impulse.
impulsive:Acting or done without forethought.
impulsively:Without forethought; on impulse.
impunity:Exemption from punishment or freedom from the injurious consequences of an action.
impure:Mixed with foreign matter; adulterated.
impurity:The quality or condition of being impure.
imputation:A charge or claim that someone has done something undesirable; an accusation.
imputations:A charge or claim that someone has done something undesirable; an accusation.
impute:Represent (something, especially something undesirable) as being done, caused, or possessed by someone; attribute.
imputed:(of a value) assigned to something by inference from the value of the products or processes to which it contributes; estimated.
imputing:Represent (something, especially something undesirable) as being done or possessed by someone; attribute.
in:Expressing the situation of something that is or appears to be enclosed or surrounded by something else.
inabilities:The state of being unable to do something.
inability:The state of being unable to do something.
inaccessible:Unable to be reached.
inaccuracy:The quality or state of not being accurate.
inaccurate:Not accurate.
inaccurately:In an incorrect or inexact manner.
inaction:Lack of action where some is expected or appropriate.
inactivated:Having been made inactive or inoperative.
inactivating:Make inactive or inoperative.
inactivation:The action or process of making something inactive or inoperative.
inactive:Not engaging in or involving any or much physical activity.
inactivity:The state of being inactive; idleness.
inadequacies:The state or quality of being inadequate; lack of the quantity or quality required.
inadequacy:The state or quality of being inadequate; lack of the quantity or quality required.
inadequate:Lacking the quality or quantity required; insufficient for a purpose.
inadequately:In a way that lacks the quality or quantity required; unsatisfactorily.
inadmissible:(especially of evidence in court) not accepted as valid.
inadvertent:Not resulting from or achieved through deliberate planning.
inadvertently:Without intention; accidentally.
inadvisable:Likely to have unfortunate consequences; unwise.
inalienable:Unable to be taken away from or given away by the possessor.
inane:Silly; stupid.
inanimate:Not alive, especially not in the manner of animals and humans.
inanities:A nonsensical remark or action.
inanity:A nonsensical remark or action.
inapplicable:Not relevant or appropriate.
inappropriate:Not suitable or proper in the circumstances.
inappropriately:In a manner that is not suitable or proper in the circumstances.
inarticulate:Unable to speak distinctly or express oneself clearly.
inattention:Lack of attention; distraction.
inattentive:Not paying attention to something.
inaudible:Unable to be heard.
inaugural:An inaugural speech, especially one made by an incoming US president.
inaugurate:Begin or introduce (a system, policy, or period)
inaugurated:Begin or introduce (a system, policy, or period)
inaugurates:Begin or introduce (a system, policy, or period)
inaugurating:Begin or introduce (a system, policy, or period)
inauguration:The beginning or introduction of a system, policy, or period.
inauspicious:Not conducive to success; unpromising.
inboard:Within or toward the center of a ship or aircraft.
inborn:Existing from birth.
inbound:Toward a particular place, especially when returning to the original point of departure.
inbred:A person born as a result of inbreeding, typically perceived as unattractive and lacking intelligence (often used as a general term of abuse)
inbreeding:The breeding of closely related people or animals, especially over many generations.
inbuilt:Existing as an original or essential part of something or someone.
inca:A South American hummingbird having mainly blackish or bronze-colored plumage with one or two white breast patches.
incalculable:Too great to be calculated or estimated.
incandescent:Emitting light as a result of being heated.
incant:Chant or intone.
incantation:A series of words said as a magic spell or charm.
incantations:A series of words said as a magic spell or charm.
incapable:Unable to do or achieve (something)
incapacitate:Prevent from functioning in a normal way.
incapacitated:Deprived of strength or power; debilitated.
incapacitates:Prevent from functioning in a normal way.
incapacitating:Prevent from functioning in a normal way.
incapacity:Physical or mental inability to do something or to manage one's affairs.
incarcerated:Imprison or confine.
incarcerating:Imprison or confine.
incarceration:The state of being confined in prison; imprisonment.
incarnate:Embody or represent (a deity or spirit) in human form.
incarnated:Embody or represent (a deity or spirit) in human form.
incarnation:A person who embodies in the flesh a deity, spirit, or abstract quality.
incarnations:A person who embodies in the flesh a deity, spirit, or quality.
incas:A South American hummingbird having mainly blackish or bronze-coloured plumage with one or two white breast patches.
incautious:Heedless of potential problems or risks.
incendiaries:An incendiary bomb or device.
incendiary:An incendiary bomb or device.
incense:Perfume with incense or a similar fragrance.
incensed:Very angry; enraged.
incenses:Perfume with incense or a similar fragrance.
incensing:Perfume with incense or a similar fragrance.
incentive:A thing that motivates or encourages one to do something.
incentives:A thing that motivates or encourages someone to do something.
inception:The establishment or starting point of an institution or activity.
incessant:(of something regarded as unpleasant) continuing without pause or interruption.
incessantly:Without interruption; constantly.
incest:Sexual relations between people classed as being too closely related to marry each other.
incestuous:Involving or guilty of incest.
inch:Move slowly and carefully in a specified direction.
inched:Move along slowly and carefully.
inches:Move along slowly and carefully.
inching:Move along slowly and carefully.
inchoate:Just begun and so not fully formed or developed; rudimentary.
incidence:The occurrence, rate, or frequency of a disease, crime, or something else undesirable.
incidences:The occurrence, rate, or frequency of a disease, crime, or other undesirable thing.
incident:An event or occurrence.
incidental:An incidental detail, expense, event, etc.
incidentally:Used when a person has something more to say, or is about to add a remark unconnected to the current subject; by the way.
incidents:An instance of something happening; an event or occurrence.
incinerate:Destroy (something, especially waste material) by burning.
incinerated:Destroy (something, especially waste material) by burning.
incinerates:Destroy (something, especially waste material) by burning.
incinerating:Destroy (something, especially waste material) by burning.
incineration:The destruction of something, especially waste material, by burning.
incinerator:An apparatus for burning waste material, especially industrial waste, at high temperatures until it is reduced to ash.
incinerators:An apparatus for burning waste material, especially industrial waste, at high temperatures until it is reduced to ash.
incipient:In an initial stage; beginning to happen or develop.
incised:Mark or decorate (an object or surface) with a cut or cuts.
incision:A surgical cut made in skin or flesh.
incisions:A surgical cut made in skin or flesh.
incisive:(of a person or mental process) intelligently analytical and clear-thinking.
incisor:A narrow-edged tooth at the front of the mouth, adapted for cutting. In humans there are four incisors in each jaw.
incisors:A narrow-edged tooth at the front of the mouth, adapted for cutting. In humans there are four incisors in each jaw.
incite:Encourage or stir up (violent or unlawful behavior)
incited:Encourage or stir up (violent or unlawful behaviour)
incitement:The action of provoking unlawful behavior or urging someone to behave unlawfully.
incitements:The action of provoking unlawful behaviour or urging someone to behave unlawfully.
incites:Encourage or stir up (violent or unlawful behaviour)
inciting:Encourage or stir up (violent or unlawful behaviour)
inclement:(of the weather) unpleasantly cold or wet.
inclination:A person's natural tendency or urge to act or feel in a particular way; a disposition or propensity.
inclinations:A person's natural tendency or urge to act or feel in a particular way; a disposition.
incline:Feel willing or favorably disposed toward (an action, belief, or attitude)
inclined:Leaning or turning away from the vertical or horizontal; sloping.
inclines:Be favourably disposed towards or willing to do something.
inclining:Be favourably disposed towards or willing to do something.
include:Comprise or contain as part of a whole.
included:Contained as part of a whole being considered.
includes:Comprise or contain as part of a whole.
including:Containing as part of the whole being considered.
inclusion:The action or state of including or of being included within a group or structure.
inclusive:Including or covering all the services, facilities, or items normally expected or required.
inclusiveness:The quality of covering or dealing with a range of subjects or areas.
incognito:In a way that conceals one's true identity.
incoherence:The quality of being illogical, inconsistent, or unclear.
incoherent:(of spoken or written language) expressed in an incomprehensible or confusing way; unclear.
incombustible:(especially of a building material or component) consisting or made of material that does not burn if exposed to fire.
income:Money received, especially on a regular basis, for work or through investments.
incomer:A person who has come to live in an area in which they have not grown up, especially in a close-knit rural community.
incomers:A person who has come to live in an area in which they have not grown up, especially in a close-knit rural community.
incomes:Money received, especially on a regular basis, for work or through investments.
incoming:In the process of coming in; arriving.
incommensurable:An incommensurable quantity.
incommoding:Inconvenience (someone)
incommunicable:Not able to be communicated to others.
incommunicado:Not able, wanting, or allowed to communicate with other people.
incomparable:Without an equal in quality or extent; matchless.
incomparably:Immeasurably; by far.
incompatibilities:The condition of two things being so different in nature as to be incapable of coexisting.
incompatibility:The condition of two things being so different in nature as to be incapable of coexisting.
incompatible:(of two things) so opposed in character as to be incapable of existing together.
incompetence:Inability to do something successfully; ineptitude.
incompetent:An incompetent person.
incompetents:An incompetent person.
incomplete:Not having all the necessary or appropriate parts.
incompletely:In an partial or unfinished manner.
incomprehensible:Not able to be understood; not intelligible.
incomprehension:Failure to understand something.
incompressible:Not able to be compressed.
inconceivable:Not capable of being imagined or grasped mentally; unbelievable.
inconclusive:Not leading to a firm conclusion; not ending doubt or dispute.
incongruities:The state of being incongruous; incompatibility.
incongruity:The state of being incongruous or out of keeping.
incongruous:Not in harmony or keeping with the surroundings or other aspects of something.
incongruously:In a way that is not in harmony or keeping with the surroundings or other aspects of something.
inconsequential:Not important or significant.
inconsiderable:Of small size, amount, or extent.
inconsiderate:Thoughtlessly causing hurt or inconvenience to others.
inconsistency:The fact or state of being inconsistent.
inconsistent:Not staying the same throughout.
inconsistently:In a way that does not stay the same throughout.
inconsolable:(of a person or their grief) not able to be comforted or alleviated.
inconspicuous:Not clearly visible or attracting attention; not conspicuous.
inconstant:Frequently changing; variable or irregular.
incontestable:Not able to be disputed.
incontinence:Lack of voluntary control over urination or defecation.
incontinent:Having no or insufficient voluntary control over urination or defecation.
incontrovertible:Not able to be denied or disputed.
inconvenience:Cause trouble or difficulty to.
inconvenienced:Cause trouble or difficulty to.
inconveniences:Cause trouble or difficulty to.
inconveniencing:Cause trouble or difficulty to.
inconvenient:Causing trouble, difficulties, or discomfort.
incorporate:Take in or contain (something) as part of a whole; include.
incorporated:(of a company or other organization) formed into a legal corporation.
incorporates:Take in or contain (something) as part of a whole; include.
incorporating:Take in or contain (something) as part of a whole; include.
incorporation:The inclusion of something as part of a whole.
incorrect:Not in accordance with fact; wrong.
incorrectly:In a mistaken way; wrongly.
incorrigible:An incorrigible person.
incorruptible:Not susceptible to corruption, especially by bribery.
increase:Become or make greater in size, amount, intensity, or degree.
increased:Become or make greater in size, amount, or degree.
increases:Become or make greater in size, amount, or degree.
increasing:Becoming greater in size, amount, or degree; growing.
increasingly:To an increasing extent; more and more.
incredible:Impossible to believe.
incredibly:To a great degree; extremely or unusually.
incredulity:The state of being unwilling or unable to believe something.
incredulous:(of a person or their manner) unwilling or unable to believe something.
incredulously:In a manner indicating disbelief.
increment:Cause a discrete increase in (a numerical quantity).
incremental:Relating to or denoting an increase or addition, especially one of a series on a fixed scale.
incrementally:In regular increases, additions, or stages.
incremented:Cause a discrete increase in (a numerical quantity).
incrementing:Cause a discrete increase in (a numerical quantity).
increments:Cause a discrete increase in (a numerical quantity).
incriminate:Make (someone) appear guilty of a crime or wrongdoing; strongly imply the guilt of (someone)
incriminated:Make (someone) appear guilty of a crime or wrongdoing.
incriminates:Make (someone) appear guilty of a crime or wrongdoing.
incriminating:Making someone appear guilty of a crime or wrongdoing.
incubate:(of a bird) sit on (eggs) in order to keep them warm and bring them to hatching.
incubated:(of a bird) sit on (eggs) in order to keep them warm and bring them to hatching.
incubating:(of a bird) sit on (eggs) in order to keep them warm and bring them to hatching.
incubation:The process of incubating eggs, cells, bacteria, a disease, etc.
incubations:The process of incubating eggs, cells, bacteria, a disease, etc.
incubator:An enclosed apparatus providing a controlled environment for the care and protection of premature or unusually small babies.
incubators:An enclosed apparatus in which premature or unusually small babies are placed and which provides a controlled and protective environment for their care.
inculcate:Instill (an attitude, idea, or habit) by persistent instruction.
inculcated:Instil (an idea, attitude, or habit) by persistent instruction.
inculcating:Instil (an idea, attitude, or habit) by persistent instruction.
incumbency:The holding of an office or the period during which one is held.
incumbent:The holder of an office or post.
incumbents:The holder of an office or post.
incur:Become subject to (something unwelcome or unpleasant) as a result of one's own behavior or actions.
incurable:A person who cannot be cured.
incurred:Become subject to (something unwelcome or unpleasant) as a result of one's own behaviour or actions.
incurring:Become subject to (something unwelcome or unpleasant) as a result of one's own behaviour or actions.
incurs:Become subject to (something unwelcome or unpleasant) as a result of one's own behaviour or actions.
incursion:An invasion or attack, especially a sudden or brief one.
incursions:An invasion or attack, especially a sudden or brief one.
indaba:A discussion or conference.
indebted:Owing money.
indebtedness:The condition of owing money.
indecency:Indecent behavior.
indecent:Not conforming with generally accepted standards of behavior or propriety; obscene.
indecently:In a manner that does not conform with generally accepted standards of behavior, especially in relation to sexual matters.
indecipherable:Not able to be read or understood.
indecision:The inability to make a decision quickly.
indecisive:Not settling an issue.
indeclinable:(of a noun, pronoun, or adjective in a highly inflected language) having no inflections.
indecorous:Not in keeping with good taste and propriety; improper.
indeed:Used to emphasize a statement or response confirming something already suggested.
indefatigable:(of a person or their efforts) persisting tirelessly.
indefeasible:Not able to be lost, annulled, or overturned.
indefensible:Not justifiable by argument.
indefinable:Not able to be defined or described exactly.
indefinite:Lasting for an unknown or unstated length of time.
indefinitely:For an unlimited or unspecified period of time.
indelible:(of ink or a pen) making marks that cannot be removed.
indelibly:In a way that cannot be removed or forgotten.
indelicacy:A lack of sensitive understanding or tact.
indelicate:Having or showing a lack of sensitive understanding or tact.
indemnified:Compensate (someone) for harm or loss.
indemnify:Compensate (someone) for harm or loss.
indemnity:Security or protection against a loss or other financial burden.
indent:Start (a line of text) or position (a block of text, table, etc.) further from the margin than the main part of the text.
indentation:The action of indenting or the state of being indented.
indentations:The action of indenting or the state of being indented.
indented:Divided or edged with a zigzag line.
indenting:Start (a line of text) or position (a block of text) further from the margin than the main part of the text.
indents:Start (a line of text) or position (a block of text) further from the margin than the main part of the text.
indentures:Bind (someone) by an indenture as an apprentice or labourer.
independence:The fact or state of being independent.
independent:An independent person or body.
independently:In a way that is free from outside control or influence.
independents:An independent person or body.
indepth:Comprehensive and thorough.
indescribable:Too unusual, extreme, or indefinite to be adequately described.
indestructible:Not able to be destroyed.
indeterminable:Not able to be definitely ascertained, calculated, or identified.
indeterminate:Not exactly known, established, or defined.
index:Record (names, subjects, etc.) in an index.
indexed:Record (names, subjects, etc.) in an index.
indexes:Record (names, subjects, etc.) in an index.
indexing:The action or process of compiling an index.
india:A country in southern Asia that occupies the greater part of the Indian subcontinent; population 1,311,000,000 (estimated 2015); capital, New Delhi; official languages, Hindi and English (14 other languages are recognized as official in certain regions; of these, Bengali, Gujarati, Marathi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu have the most first-language speakers).
indian:A native or inhabitant of India, or a person of Indian descent.
indiana:A state in the eastern central US; population 6,376,792 (est. 2008); capital, Indianapolis. It was colonized by the French in the 18th century and ceded to Britain in 1763. It passed to the US in 1783 and became the 19th state in 1816.
indians:A native or inhabitant of India, or a person of Indian descent.
indicant:A thing which indicates something.
indicants:A thing which indicates something.
indicate:Point out; show.
indicated:Point out; show.
indicates:Point out; show.
indicating:Point out; show.
indication:A sign or piece of information that indicates something.
indications:A sign or piece of information that indicates something.
indicative:A verb in the indicative mood.
indicator:A thing, especially a trend or fact, that indicates the state or level of something.
indicators:A thing that indicates the state or level of something.
indices:Record (names, subjects, etc.) in an index.
indict:Formally accuse of or charge with a serious crime.
indictable:(of an offense) rendering the person who commits it liable to be charged with a serious crime that warrants a trial by jury.
indicted:Formally accuse of or charge with a crime.
indicting:Formally accuse of or charge with a crime.
indictment:A formal charge or accusation of a serious crime.
indictments:A formal charge or accusation of a serious crime.
indicts:Formally accuse of or charge with a crime.
indifference:Lack of interest, concern, or sympathy.
indifferent:Having no particular interest or sympathy; unconcerned.
indigenous:Originating or occurring naturally in a particular place; native.
indigestible:(of food) difficult or impossible to digest.
indigestion:Pain or discomfort in the stomach associated with difficulty in digesting food.
indignant:Feeling or showing anger or annoyance at what is perceived as unfair treatment.
indignantly:In a manner indicating anger or annoyance at something perceived as unfair.
indignation:Anger or annoyance provoked by what is perceived as unfair treatment.
indignities:Treatment or circumstances that cause one to feel shame or to lose one's dignity.
indignity:Treatment or circumstances that cause one to feel shame or to lose one's dignity.
indigo:A tropical plant of the pea family, which was formerly widely cultivated as a source of dark blue dye.
indirect:Not directly caused by or resulting from something.
indirection:Indirectness or lack of straightforwardness in action, speech, or progression.
indirectly:In a way that is not directly caused by something; incidentally.
indiscipline:Lack of discipline.
indiscreet:Having, showing, or proceeding from too great a readiness to reveal things that should remain secret or private.
indiscretion:Behavior or speech that is indiscreet or displays a lack of good judgment.
indiscretions:Behaviour or speech that is indiscreet or displays a lack of good judgement.
indiscriminate:Done at random or without careful judgment.
indiscriminately:In a random manner; unsystematically.
indispensable:Absolutely necessary.
indispose:Make (someone) unfit for or unable to do something.
indisposed:Slightly unwell.
indisposition:Mild illness.
indisputable:Unable to be challenged or denied.
indisputably:In a way that cannot be challenged or denied.
indissoluble:Unable to be destroyed; lasting.
indistinct:Not clear or sharply defined.
indistinguishable:Not able to be identified as different or distinct.
indite:Write; compose.
individual:A single human being as distinct from a group, class, or family.
individualised:Tailored to suit a particular individual.
individualism:The habit or principle of being independent and self-reliant.
individualist:A person who is independent and self-reliant.
individualistic:Characterized by individualism; independent and self-reliant.
individualists:A person who is independent and self-reliant.
individuality:The quality or character of a particular person or thing that distinguishes them from others of the same kind, especially when strongly marked.
individually:One by one; singly; separately.
individuals:A single human being as distinct from a group.
indivisible:Unable to be divided or separated.
indoctrinate:Teach (a person or group) to accept a set of beliefs uncritically.
indoctrinated:Teach (a person or group) to accept a set of beliefs uncritically.
indoctrinates:Teach (a person or group) to accept a set of beliefs uncritically.
indoctrinating:Teach (a person or group) to accept a set of beliefs uncritically.
indoctrination:The process of teaching a person or group to accept a set of beliefs uncritically.
indole:A crystalline organic compound with an unpleasant odor, present in coal tar and in feces.
indolence:Avoidance of activity or exertion; laziness.
indolent:Wanting to avoid activity or exertion; lazy.
indomitable:Impossible to subdue or defeat.
indoor:Situated, conducted, or used within a building or under cover.
indoors:Into or within a building.
indorsed:Declare one's public approval or support of.
indorses:Declare one's public approval or support of.
indrawn:(of breath) taken in.
indubitable:Impossible to doubt; unquestionable.
induce:Succeed in persuading or influencing (someone) to do something.
induced:Succeed in persuading or leading (someone) to do something.
inducement:A thing that persuades or influences someone to do something.
inducements:A thing that persuades or leads someone to do something.
induces:Succeed in persuading or leading (someone) to do something.
inducible:Able to be caused or brought about.
inducing:Succeed in persuading or leading (someone) to do something.
induct:Admit (someone) formally to a position or organization.
inductance:The property of an electric conductor or circuit that causes an electromotive force to be generated by a change in the current flowing.
inducted:Admit (someone) formally to a post or organization.
induction:The action or process of inducting someone to a position or organization.
inductive:Characterized by the inference of general laws from particular instances.
inductor:A component in an electric or electronic circuit which possesses inductance.
inductors:A component in an electric or electronic circuit which possesses inductance.
inducts:Admit (someone) formally to a post or organization.
indulge:Allow oneself to enjoy the pleasure of.
indulged:Allow oneself to enjoy the pleasure of.
indulgence:The action or fact of indulging.
indulgent:Having or indicating a tendency to be overly generous to or lenient with someone.
indulges:Allow oneself to enjoy the pleasure of.
indulging:Allow oneself to enjoy the pleasure of.
induna:A tribal councillor or headman.
industrial:Shares in industrial companies.
industrialisation:The development of industries in a country or region on a wide scale.
industrialise:Develop industries in (a country or region) on a wide scale.
industrialised:(of a country or region) having widely developed industries.
industrialising:Develop industries in (a country or region) on a wide scale.
industrialism:A social or economic system built on manufacturing industries.
industrialist:A person involved in the ownership and management of industry.
industrialists:A person involved in the ownership and management of industry.
industrially:In a way that relates to industry.
industrious:Diligent and hard-working.
industry:Economic activity concerned with the processing of raw materials and manufacture of goods in factories.
inebriate:Make (someone) drunk; intoxicate.
inebriated:Drunk; intoxicated.
inebriation:Drunkenness; intoxication.
inedible:Not fit or suitable for eating.
ineffable:Too great or extreme to be expressed or described in words.
ineffective:Not producing any significant or desired effect.
ineffectiveness:The quality of not producing any significant or desired effect.
ineffectual:Not producing any or the desired effect.
inefficiencies:The state of not achieving maximum productivity; failure to make the best use of time or resources.
inefficiency:The state of not achieving maximum productivity; failure to make the best use of time or resources.
inefficient:Not achieving maximum productivity; wasting or failing to make the best use of time or resources.
inelastic:(of a substance or material) not elastic.
inelegant:Having or showing a lack of physical grace, elegance, or refinement.
ineligible:Legally or officially unable to be considered for a position or benefit.
ineluctable:Unable to be resisted or avoided; inescapable.
inept:Having or showing no skill; clumsy.
ineptitude:Lack of skill or ability.
inequalities:Difference in size, degree, circumstances, etc.; lack of equality.
inequality:Difference in size, degree, circumstances, etc.; lack of equality.
inequitable:Unfair; unjust.
inequities:Lack of fairness or justice.
inequity:Lack of fairness or justice.
ineradicable:Unable to be destroyed or removed.
inert:Lacking the ability or strength to move.
inertia:A tendency to do nothing or to remain unchanged.
inertial:Relating to or arising from inertia.
inescapable:Unable to be avoided or denied.
inescapably:In a way that cannot be avoided or ignored; undeniably.
inessential:A thing that is not absolutely necessary.
inestimable:Too great to calculate.
inevitability:The quality of being certain to happen.
inevitable:A situation that is unavoidable.
inevitably:As is certain to happen; unavoidably.
inexact:Not quite accurate or correct.
inexactitude:Lack of accuracy or precision.
inexcusable:Too bad to be justified or tolerated.
inexhaustible:(of an amount or supply of something) unable to be used up because existing in abundance.
inexorable:Impossible to stop or prevent.
inexorably:In a way that is impossible to stop or prevent.
inexpedient:Not practical, suitable, or advisable.
inexpensive:Not costing a great deal; cheap.
inexpensively:At little expense; cheaply.
inexperience:Lack of experience, knowledge, or skill.
inexperienced:Having little knowledge or experience of a particular thing.
inexpert:Having or showing a lack of experience, skill, or knowledge.
inexplicable:Unable to be explained or accounted for.
inexplicably:In a way that cannot be explained or accounted for.
inexpressible:(of a feeling) too strong to be described or conveyed in words.
inextensible:Unable to be stretched or drawn out in length.
inextinguishable:Unable to be extinguished or quenched.
inextricable:Impossible to disentangle or separate.
inextricably:In a way that is impossible to disentangle or separate.
infallibility:The quality of being infallible; the inability to be wrong.
infallible:Incapable of making mistakes or being wrong.
infamous:Well known for some bad quality or deed.
infamously:In a way that is well known for some bad quality or deed.
infamy:The state of being well known for some bad quality or deed.
infancy:The state or period of early childhood or babyhood.
infant:A very young child or baby.
infanta:A daughter of the ruling monarch of Spain or Portugal, especially the eldest daughter who was not heir to the throne.
infante:The second son of the ruling monarch of Spain or Portugal.
infanticide:The crime of killing a child within a year of birth.
infantile:Of or occurring among babies or very young children.
infantry:Soldiers marching or fighting on foot; foot soldiers collectively.
infantryman:A soldier belonging to an infantry unit.
infantrymen:A soldier belonging to an infantry regiment.
infants:A very young child or baby.
infarct:A small localized area of dead tissue resulting from failure of blood supply.
infarction:Obstruction of the blood supply to an organ or region of tissue, typically by a thrombus or embolus, causing local death of the tissue.
infarctions:Obstruction of the blood supply to an organ or region of tissue, typically by a thrombus or embolus, causing local death of the tissue.
infatuate:Be inspired with an intense but short-lived passion or admiration for.
infatuated:Possessed with an intense but short-lived passion or admiration for someone.
infatuation:An intense but short-lived passion or admiration for someone or something.
infatuations:An intense but short-lived passion or admiration for someone or something.
infeasible:Not possible to do easily or conveniently; impracticable.
infect:Affect (a person, organism, cell, etc.) with a disease-causing organism.
infected:(of a person, organism, etc.) affected with a disease-causing organism.
infecting:Affect (a person, organism, etc.) with a disease-causing organism.
infection:The process of infecting or the state of being infected.
infections:The process of infecting or the state of being infected.
infectious:(of a disease or disease-causing organism) likely to be transmitted to people, organisms, etc., through the environment.
infective:Capable of causing infection.
infects:Affect (a person, organism, etc.) with a disease-causing organism.
infelicities:A thing that is inappropriate, especially a remark or expression.
infelicitous:Unfortunate; inappropriate.
infelicity:A thing that is inappropriate, especially a remark or expression.
infer:Deduce or conclude (information) from evidence and reasoning rather than from explicit statements.
inference:A conclusion reached on the basis of evidence and reasoning.
inferences:A conclusion reached on the basis of evidence and reasoning.
inferential:Characterized by or involving conclusions reached on the basis of evidence and reasoning.
inferior:A person lower than another in rank, status, or ability.
inferiority:The condition of being lower in status or quality than another or others.
inferiors:A person lower than another in rank, status, or ability.
infernal:Relating to or characteristic of hell or the underworld.
inferno:A large fire that is dangerously out of control.
inferred:Deduce or conclude (something) from evidence and reasoning rather than from explicit statements.
inferring:Deduce or conclude (something) from evidence and reasoning rather than from explicit statements.
infers:Deduce or conclude (something) from evidence and reasoning rather than from explicit statements.
infertile:(of a person, animal, or plant) unable to reproduce.
infertility:Inability to conceive children or young.
infest:(of insects or animals) be present (in a place or site) in large numbers, typically so as to cause damage or disease.
infestation:The presence of an unusually large number of insects or animals in a place, typically so as to cause damage or disease.
infestations:The presence of an unusually large number of insects or animals in a place, typically so as to cause damage or disease.
infested:(of insects or animals) be present (in a place or site) in large numbers, typically so as to cause damage or disease.
infesting:(of insects or animals) be present (in a place or site) in large numbers, typically so as to cause damage or disease.
infests:(of insects or animals) be present (in a place or site) in large numbers, typically so as to cause damage or disease.
infidel:A person who does not believe in religion or who adheres to a religion other than one's own.
infidelities:The action or state of being unfaithful to a spouse or other sexual partner.
infidelity:The action or state of being unfaithful to a spouse or other sexual partner.
infidels:A person who has no religion or whose religion is not that of the majority.
infield:Into or toward the inner part of the field of play.
infighting:Hidden conflict or competitiveness within an organization.
infill:Fill or block up (a space or hole)
infilling:Fill or block up (a space or hole)
infiltrate:Enter or gain access to (an organization, place, etc.) surreptitiously and gradually, especially in order to acquire secret information.
infiltrated:Enter or gain access to (an organization, place, etc.) surreptitiously and gradually, especially in order to acquire secret information.
infiltrates:Enter or gain access to (an organization, place, etc.) surreptitiously and gradually, especially in order to acquire secret information.
infiltrating:Enter or gain access to (an organization, place, etc.) surreptitiously and gradually, especially in order to acquire secret information.
infiltration:The action of entering or gaining access to an organization or place surreptitiously, especially in order to acquire secret information or cause damage.
infiltrations:The action of entering or gaining access to an organization or place surreptitiously, especially in order to acquire secret information or cause damage.
infinite:A space or quantity that is infinite.
infinitely:To an infinite extent or amount; without limit.
infinitesimal:An indefinitely small quantity; a value approaching zero.
infinitesimals:An indefinitely small quantity; a value approaching zero.
infinitive:The basic form of a verb, without an inflection binding it to a particular subject or tense (e.g. see in we came to see, let him see).
infinitives:The basic form of a verb, without an inflection binding it to a particular subject or tense (e.g. see in we came to see, let him see).
infinitude:The state or quality of being infinite or having no limit.
infinity:The state or quality of being infinite.
infirm:Not physically or mentally strong, especially through age or illness.
infirmaries:A hospital.
infirmary:A place in a large institution for the care of those who are ill.
infirmities:Physical or mental weakness.
infirmity:Physical or mental weakness.
infix:Implant or insert firmly in something.
inflame:Provoke or intensify (strong feelings, especially anger) in someone.
inflamed:(of strong feelings) provoked or intensified.
inflames:Provoke or intensify (strong feelings, especially anger) in someone.
inflaming:Provoke or intensify (strong feelings, especially anger) in someone.
inflammable:Easily set on fire.
inflammation:A localized physical condition in which part of the body becomes reddened, swollen, hot, and often painful, especially as a reaction to injury or infection.
inflammatory:Relating to or causing inflammation of a part of the body.
inflatable:A plastic or rubber object that must be filled with air before use.
inflate:Fill (a balloon, tire, or other expandable structure) with air or gas so that it becomes distended.
inflated:Distended through being filled with air or gas.
inflates:Fill (a balloon, tyre, or other expandable structure) with air or gas so that it becomes distended.
inflating:Fill (a balloon, tyre, or other expandable structure) with air or gas so that it becomes distended.
inflation:The action of inflating something or the condition of being inflated.
inflationary:Of, characterized by, or tending to cause monetary inflation.
inflect:Change the form of (a word) to express a particular grammatical function or attribute, typically tense, mood, person, number, case, and gender.
inflected:Change the form of (a word) to express a particular grammatical function or attribute, typically tense, mood, person, number, and gender.
inflecting:Change the form of (a word) to express a particular grammatical function or attribute, typically tense, mood, person, number, and gender.
inflection:A change in the form of a word (typically the ending) to express a grammatical function or attribute such as tense, mood, person, number, case, and gender.
inflectional:Relating to or involving a change in the form of a word to express a grammatical function or attribute.
inflections:A change in the form of a word (typically the ending) to express a grammatical function or attribute such as tense, mood, person, number, case, and gender.
inflects:Change the form of (a word) to express a particular grammatical function or attribute, typically tense, mood, person, number, and gender.
inflexibility:Unwillingness to change or compromise.
inflexible:Unwilling to change or compromise.
inflexion:A change in the form of a word (typically the ending) to express a grammatical function or attribute such as tense, mood, person, number, case, and gender.
inflexions:A change in the form of a word (typically the ending) to express a grammatical function or attribute such as tense, mood, person, number, case, and gender.
inflict:Cause (something unpleasant or painful) to be suffered by someone or something.
inflicted:Cause (something unpleasant or painful) to be suffered by someone or something.
inflicting:Cause (something unpleasant or painful) to be suffered by someone or something.
infliction:The action of inflicting something unpleasant or painful on someone or something.
inflicts:Cause (something unpleasant or painful) to be suffered by someone or something.
inflow:A large amount of money, people, or water, that moves or is transferred into a place.
inflows:The movement of liquid or air into a place.
influence:Have an influence on.
influenced:Have an influence on.
influences:Have an influence on.
influencing:Have an influence on.
influential:An influential person.
influenza:A highly contagious viral infection of the respiratory passages causing fever, severe aching, and catarrh, and often occurring in epidemics.
influx:An arrival or entry of large numbers of people or things.
influxes:An arrival or entry of large numbers of people or things.
info:Information.
inform:Give (someone) facts or information; tell.
informal:Having a relaxed, friendly, or unofficial style, manner, or nature.
informality:Relaxed, friendly, or unofficial style or nature; absence of formality.
informally:In a relaxed, friendly, or unofficial manner.
informant:A person who gives information to another.
informants:A person who gives information to another.
informatics:The science of processing data for storage and retrieval; information science.
information:Facts provided or learned about something or someone.
informational:Relating to or characterized by facts about something; providing information.
informative:Providing useful or interesting information.
informatory:Giving information; informative.
informed:Having or showing knowledge of a particular subject or situation.
informer:A person who informs on another person to the police or other authority.
informers:A person who informs on another person to the police or other authority.
informing:Give (someone) facts or information; tell.
informs:Give (someone) facts or information; tell.
infra:(in a written document) below; further on.
infraction:A violation or infringement of a law or agreement.
infractions:A violation or infringement of a law or agreement.
infrared:The infrared region of the spectrum; infrared radiation.
infrastructural:Relating to the basic physical and organizational structures and facilities needed for the operation of a society or enterprise.
infrastructure:The basic physical and organizational structures and facilities (e.g. buildings, roads, power supplies) needed for the operation of a society or enterprise.
infrastructures:The basic physical and organizational structures and facilities (e.g. buildings, roads, power supplies) needed for the operation of a society or enterprise.
infrequent:Not occurring often; rare.
infrequently:Not often; rarely.
infringe:Actively break the terms of (a law, agreement, etc.)
infringed:Actively break the terms of (a law, agreement, etc.)
infringement:The action of breaking the terms of a law, agreement, etc.; violation.
infringements:The action of breaking the terms of a law, agreement, etc.; violation.
infringes:Actively break the terms of (a law, agreement, etc.)
infringing:Actively break the terms of (a law, agreement, etc.)
infuriate:Make (someone) extremely angry and impatient.
infuriated:Make (someone) extremely angry and impatient.
infuriates:Make (someone) extremely angry and impatient.
infuriating:Making one extremely angry and impatient; very annoying.
infuse:Fill; pervade.
infused:Fill; pervade.
infuses:Fill; pervade.
infusing:Fill; pervade.
infusion:A drink, remedy, or extract prepared by soaking the leaves of a plant or herb in liquid.
infusions:A drink, remedy, or extract prepared by soaking tea leaves or herbs in liquid.
ingathered:Gather (something) in or together.
ingenious:(of a person) clever, original, and inventive.
ingeniously:In a clever, original, and inventive manner.
ingenuity:The quality of being clever, original, and inventive.
ingenuous:(of a person or action) innocent and unsuspecting.
ingest:Take (food, drink, or another substance) into the body by swallowing or absorbing it.
ingested:Take (food, drink, or another substance) into the body by swallowing or absorbing it.
ingesting:Take (food, drink, or another substance) into the body by swallowing or absorbing it.
ingestion:The process of taking food, drink, or another substance into the body by swallowing or absorbing it.
inglorious:(of an action or situation) causing shame or a loss of honor.
ingoing:Going into or toward a particular place.
ingot:A block of steel, gold, silver, or other metal, typically oblong in shape.
ingots:A block of steel, gold, silver, or other metal, typically oblong in shape.
ingrained:(of a habit, belief, or attitude) firmly fixed or established; difficult to change.
ingrate:An ungrateful person.
ingratiate:Bring oneself into favor with someone by flattering or trying to please them.
ingratiated:Bring oneself into favour with someone by flattering or trying to please them.
ingratiating:Intended to gain approval or favor; sycophantic.
ingratitude:A discreditable lack of gratitude.
ingredient:Any of the foods or substances that are combined to make a particular dish.
ingredients:Any of the foods or substances that are combined to make a particular dish.
ingress:The action or fact of going in or entering.
ingrown:Growing or having grown within a thing; innate.
inhabit:(of a person, animal, or group) live in or occupy (a place or environment)
inhabitable:Suitable to live in; habitable.
inhabitant:A person or animal that lives in or occupies a place.
inhabitants:A person or animal that lives in or occupies a place.
inhabited:(of a person, animal, or group) live in or occupy (a place or environment)
inhabiting:(of a person, animal, or group) live in or occupy (a place or environment)
inhabits:(of a person, animal, or group) live in or occupy (a place or environment)
inhalant:A medicinal preparation for inhaling.
inhalation:The action of inhaling or breathing in.
inhalations:The action of inhaling or breathing in.
inhale:Breathe in (air, gas, smoke, etc.)
inhaled:Breathe in (air, gas, smoke, etc.)
inhaler:A portable device for administering a drug which is to be breathed in, used for relieving asthma and other bronchial or nasal congestion.
inhalers:A portable device for administering a drug which is to be breathed in, used for relieving asthma and other bronchial or nasal congestion.
inhales:Breathe in (air, gas, smoke, etc.)
inhaling:Breathe in (air, gas, smoke, etc.)
inherent:Existing in something as a permanent, essential, or characteristic attribute.
inherently:In a permanent, essential, or characteristic way.
inherit:Receive (money, property, or a title) as an heir at the death of the previous holder.
inheritable:Capable of being inherited.
inheritance:A thing that is inherited.
inheritances:A thing that is inherited.
inherited:(of money, property, or a title) received as an heir at the death of the previous holder.
inheriting:Receive (money, property, or a title) as an heir at the death of the previous holder.
inheritor:A person who inherits something; an heir.
inheritors:A person who inherits something; an heir.
inherits:Receive (money, property, or a title) as an heir at the death of the previous holder.
inhibit:Hinder, restrain, or prevent (an action or process)
inhibited:Unable to act in a relaxed and natural way because of self-consciousness or mental restraint.
inhibiting:Hinder, restrain, or prevent (an action or process)
inhibition:A feeling that makes one self-conscious and unable to act in a relaxed and natural way.
inhibitions:A feeling that makes one self-conscious and unable to act in a relaxed and natural way.
inhibitor:A thing which inhibits someone or something.
inhibitors:A thing which inhibits someone or something.
inhibitory:Hindering or preventing an action.
inhibits:Hinder, restrain, or prevent (an action or process)
inhomogeneous:Not uniform in character or content; diverse.
inhospitable:(of an environment) harsh and difficult to live in.
inhouse:Without assistance from outside an organization; internally.
inhuman:Lacking human qualities of compassion and mercy; cruel and barbaric.
inhumane:Without compassion for misery or suffering; cruel.
inhumanities:Extremely cruel and brutal behaviour.
inhumanity:Extremely cruel and brutal behavior.
inimical:Tending to obstruct or harm.
inimitable:So good or unusual as to be impossible to copy; unique.
iniquities:Immoral or grossly unfair behaviour.
iniquitous:Grossly unfair and morally wrong.
iniquity:Immoral or grossly unfair behavior.
initial:Mark or sign (a document) with one's initials in order to authorize or validate it.
initialisation:The preparation of a computer or similar device for operation, in which diagnostic tests are run and the operating system is loaded.
initialisations:The preparation of a computer or similar device for operation, in which diagnostic tests are run and the operating system is loaded.
initialise:Set to the value or put in the condition appropriate to the start of an operation.
initialled:Mark or sign (a document) with one's initials in order to authorize or validate it.
initially:At first.
initials:Mark or sign (a document) with one's initials in order to authorize or validate it.
initiate:Cause (a process or action) to begin.
initiated:A small group of people who share obscure knowledge.
initiates:Cause (a process or action) to begin.
initiating:Cause (a process or action) to begin.
initiation:The action of admitting someone into a secret or obscure society or group, typically with a ritual.
initiations:The action of admitting someone into a secret or obscure society or group, typically with a ritual.
initiative:The ability to assess and initiate things independently.
initiatives:The ability to assess and initiate things independently.
initiator:A person or thing that initiates someone or something.
initiators:A person or thing that initiates someone or something.
inject:Drive or force (a liquid, especially a drug or vaccine) into a person or animal's body with a syringe or similar device.
injected:Introduce (a liquid, especially a drug or vaccine) into the body with a syringe.
injecting:Introduce (a liquid, especially a drug or vaccine) into the body with a syringe.
injection:An instance of injecting or being injected.
injections:An instance of injecting or being injected.
injector:A person or thing that injects something.
injects:Introduce (a liquid, especially a drug or vaccine) into the body with a syringe.
injudicious:Showing very poor judgment; unwise.
injunction:An authoritative warning or order.
injunctions:An authoritative warning or order.
injure:Do physical harm or damage to (someone)
injured:Harmed, damaged, or impaired.
injures:Do physical harm or damage to (someone)
injuries:An instance of being injured.
injuring:Do physical harm or damage to (someone)
injurious:Causing or likely to cause damage or harm.
injury:An instance of being injured.
injustice:Lack of fairness or justice.
ink:Mark (words or a design) with ink.
inked:Mark (words or a design) with ink.
inkier:As dark as ink.
inkiest:As dark as ink.
inking:Mark (words or a design) with ink.
inkling:A slight knowledge or suspicion; a hint.
inklings:A slight knowledge or suspicion; a hint.
inkpot:A small pot for holding ink.
inkpots:A small pot for holding ink.
inks:Mark (words or a design) with ink.
inkstand:A stand for one or more ink bottles, typically incorporating a pen tray.
inkstands:A stand for one or more ink bottles, typically incorporating a pen tray.
inkwell:A container for ink typically housed in a hole in a desk.
inkwells:A pot for ink housed in a hole in a desk.
inky:As dark as ink.
inlaid:Ornament (an object) by embedding pieces of a different material in it, flush with its surface.
inland:In or toward the interior of a country.
inlay:Ornament (an object) by embedding pieces of a different material in it, flush with its surface.
inlays:Ornament (an object) by embedding pieces of a different material in it, flush with its surface.
inlet:A small arm of the sea, a lake, or a river.
inlets:A small arm of the sea, a lake, or a river.
inmate:A person confined to an institution such as a prison or hospital.
inmates:A person confined to an institution such as a prison or hospital.
inmost:Innermost.
inn:An establishment providing accommodations, food, and drink, especially for travelers.
innards:Entrails.
innate:Inborn; natural.
innately:As an inborn characteristic; naturally.
inner:The inner part of something.
innermost:(of thoughts or feelings) most private and deeply felt.
innings:Each of two or four divisions of a game during which one side has a turn at batting.
innkeeper:A person who runs an inn.
innkeepers:A person who runs an inn.
innocence:The state, quality, or fact of being innocent of a crime or offense.
innocent:A pure, guileless, or naive person.
innocently:Without guilt for a crime or offense.
innocents:A pure, guileless, or naive person.
innocuous:Not harmful or offensive.
innovate:Make changes in something established, especially by introducing new methods, ideas, or products.
innovated:Make changes in something established, especially by introducing new methods, ideas, or products.
innovating:Make changes in something established, especially by introducing new methods, ideas, or products.
innovation:The action or process of innovating.
innovative:(of a product, idea, etc.) featuring new methods; advanced and original.
innovator:A person who introduces new methods, ideas, or products.
innovators:A person who introduces new methods, ideas, or products.
inns:A pub, typically one in the country, in some cases providing accommodation.
innuendo:An allusive or oblique remark or hint, typically a suggestive or disparaging one.
innumerable:Too many to be counted (often used hyperbolically)
innumerate:A person lacking basic knowledge of mathematics and arithmetic.
inoculate:Immunize (someone) against a disease by introducing infective material, microorganisms, or vaccine into the body.
inoculated:Immunize (someone) against a disease by introducing infective material, microorganisms, or vaccine into the body.
inoculates:Immunize (someone) against a disease by introducing infective material, microorganisms, or vaccine into the body.
inoculating:Immunize (someone) against a disease by introducing infective material, microorganisms, or vaccine into the body.
inoculation:The action of immunizing someone against a disease by introducing infective material, microorganisms, or vaccine into the body.
inoculations:The action of immunizing someone against a disease by introducing infective material, microorganisms, or vaccine into the body.
inoffensive:Not objectionable or harmful.
inoperable:Not able to be suitably operated on.
inoperative:Not working or taking effect.
inopportune:Occurring at an inconvenient or inappropriate time.
inordinate:Unusually or disproportionately large; excessive.
inordinately:To an unusually or disproportionately large degree; excessively.
inorganic:Not consisting of or deriving from living matter.
input:Put (data) into a computer.
inputs:Put (data) into a computer.
inputting:Put (data) into a computer.
inquest:A judicial inquiry to ascertain the facts relating to an incident, such as a death.
inquests:A judicial inquiry to ascertain the facts relating to an incident.
inquire:Ask for information from someone.
inquired:Ask for information from someone.
inquires:Ask for information from someone.
inquiries:An act of asking for information.
inquiring:Showing an interest in learning new things.
inquiry:An act of asking for information.
inquisition:A period of prolonged and intensive questioning or investigation.
inquisitions:A period of prolonged and intensive questioning.
inquisitive:Curious or inquiring.
inquisitor:A person making an inquiry, especially one seen to be excessively harsh or searching.
inquisitorial:Of or like an inquisitor.
inquisitors:A person making an inquiry, especially one seen to be excessively harsh or searching.
inquorate:(of an assembly) unable to proceed effectively because not enough members are present to make up a quorum.
inroad:Progress; an advance.
inroads:An instance of something being encroached on or reduced by something else.
inrush:The sudden arrival or entry of something.
ins:Immigration and Naturalization Service.
insalubrious:(especially of a climate or locality) not salubrious; unhealthy.
insane:In a state of mind which prevents normal perception, behavior, or social interaction; seriously mentally ill.
insanely:In a foolish, wild, or uncontrolled manner.
insanitary:So dirty or ridden with germs as to be a danger to health.
insanity:The state of being seriously mentally ill; madness.
insatiable:(of an appetite or desire) impossible to satisfy.
inscribe:Write or carve (words or symbols) on something, especially as a formal or permanent record.
inscribed:(of a surface or object) marked with characters.
inscribing:Write or carve (words or symbols) on something, especially as a formal or permanent record.
inscription:Words inscribed, as on a monument or in a book.
inscrutable:Impossible to understand or interpret.
insect:A small arthropod animal that has six legs and generally one or two pairs of wings.
insecticide:A substance used for killing insects.
insecticides:A substance used for killing insects.
insectivorous:(of an animal) feeding on insects, worms, and other invertebrates.
insects:A small arthropod animal that has six legs and generally one or two pairs of wings.
insecure:Not firmly fixed; liable to give way or break.
insecurities:Uncertainty or anxiety about oneself; lack of confidence.
insecurity:Uncertainty or anxiety about oneself; lack of confidence.
insemination:The introduction of semen into a woman or a female animal by natural or artificial means.
insensibility:Unconsciousness.
insensible:Without one's mental faculties, typically a result of violence or intoxication; unconscious.
insensitive:Showing or feeling no concern for others' feelings.
insensitivity:Lack of concern for others' feelings.
inseparable:A person or thing inseparable from another.
insert:Place, fit, or thrust (something) into another thing, especially with care.
inserted:Place, fit, or push (something) into something else.
inserting:Place, fit, or push (something) into something else.
insertion:The action of inserting something.
insertions:The action of inserting something.
inserts:Place, fit, or push (something) into something else.
inset:Put in (something, especially a small picture or map) as an inset.
insets:Put in (something) as an inset.
inshore:Toward or closer to the shore.
inside:Situated with the boundaries or confines of.
insider:A person within a group or organization, especially someone privy to information unavailable to others.
insiders:A person within a group or organization, especially someone privy to information unavailable to others.
insides:Situated with the boundaries or confines of.
insidious:Proceeding in a gradual, subtle way, but with harmful effects.
insidiously:In a gradual, subtle way, but with harmful effects.
insight:The capacity to gain an accurate and deep intuitive understanding of a person or thing.
insightful:Having or showing an accurate and deep understanding; perceptive.
insignia:A badge or distinguishing mark of military rank, office, or membership of an organization; an official emblem.
insignificance:The quality of being too small or unimportant to be worth consideration.
insignificant:Too small or unimportant to be worth consideration.
insincere:Not expressing genuine feelings.
insincerity:The quality of not expressing genuine feelings.
insinuate:Suggest or hint (something bad or reprehensible) in an indirect and unpleasant way.
insinuated:Suggest or hint (something bad) in an indirect and unpleasant way.
insinuating:Hinting at something bad in an indirect and unpleasant way.
insinuation:An unpleasant hint or suggestion of something bad.
insipid:Lacking flavor.
insist:Demand something forcefully, not accepting refusal.
insisted:Demand something forcefully, not accepting refusal.
insistence:The fact or quality of insisting that something is the case or should be done.
insistent:Insisting or demanding something; not allowing refusal.
insistently:In an insistent or demanding manner.
insisting:Demand something forcefully, not accepting refusal.
insists:Demand something forcefully, not accepting refusal.
insole:A removable sole worn in a shoe for warmth, as a deodorizer, or to improve the fit.
insolence:Rude and disrespectful behavior.
insolent:Showing a rude and arrogant lack of respect.
insoluble:Impossible to solve.
insolvencies:The state of being insolvent.
insolvency:The state of being insolvent; inability to pay one's debts.
insolvent:An insolvent person.
insomnia:Habitual sleeplessness; inability to sleep.
insomniac:A person who is regularly unable to sleep.
insomniacs:A person who is regularly unable to sleep.
insouciance:Casual lack of concern; indifference.
insouciant:Showing a casual lack of concern; indifferent.
inspect:Look at (someone or something) closely, typically to assess their condition or to discover any shortcomings.
inspected:Look at (someone or something) closely, typically to assess their condition or to discover any shortcomings.
inspecting:Look at (someone or something) closely, typically to assess their condition or to discover any shortcomings.
inspection:Careful examination or scrutiny.
inspections:Careful examination or scrutiny.
inspector:An official employed to ensure that official regulations are obeyed, especially in public services.
inspectorate:A body that ensures that the official regulations applying to a particular type of institution or activity are obeyed.
inspectors:An official employed to ensure that official regulations are obeyed, especially in public services.
inspects:Look at (someone or something) closely, typically to assess their condition or to discover any shortcomings.
inspiration:The process of being mentally stimulated to do or feel something, especially to do something creative.
inspirational:Providing or showing creative or spiritual inspiration.
inspire:Fill (someone) with the urge or ability to do or feel something, especially to do something creative.
inspired:Of extraordinary quality, as if arising from some external creative impulse.
inspires:Fill (someone) with the urge or ability to do or feel something, especially to do something creative.
inspiring:Having the effect of inspiring someone.
instabilities:The state of being unstable; lack of stability.
instability:Lack of stability; the state of being unstable.
install:Place or fix (equipment or machinery) in position ready for use.
installation:The action or process of installing someone or something, or of being installed.
installations:The action of installing someone or something, or the state of being installed.
installed:Place or fix (equipment or machinery) in position ready for use.
installer:A person who places or fixes equipment or machinery in position ready for use.
installers:A person who places or fixes equipment or machinery in position ready for use.
installing:Place or fix (equipment or machinery) in position ready for use.
installs:Place or fix (equipment or machinery) in position ready for use.
instalment:A sum of money due as one of several equal payments for something, spread over an agreed period of time.
instalments:A sum of money due as one of several equal payments for something, spread over an agreed period of time.
instance:Cite (a fact, case, etc.) as an example.
instanced:Cite (a fact, case, etc.) as an example.
instances:Cite (a fact, case, etc.) as an example.
instancy:Urgency.
instant:A precise moment of time.
instantaneous:Occurring or done in an instant or instantly.
instantaneously:Instantly; at once.
instantiate:Represent as or by an instance.
instantiated:Represent as or by an instance.
instantiates:Represent as or by an instance.
instantiating:Represent as or by an instance.
instantly:At once; immediately.
instants:A precise moment of time.
instated:Set up in position; install or establish.
instead:As an alternative or substitute.
instep:The part of a person's foot between the ball and the ankle.
insteps:The part of a person's foot between the ball and the ankle.
instigate:Bring about or initiate (an action or event)
instigated:Bring about or initiate (an action or event)
instigates:Bring about or initiate (an action or event)
instigating:Bring about or initiate (an action or event)
instigation:The action or process of instigating an action or event.
instigator:A person who brings about or initiates something.
instigators:A person who brings about or initiates something.
instil:Gradually but firmly establish (an idea or attitude) in a person's mind.
instilled:Gradually but firmly establish (an idea or attitude) in a person's mind.
instilling:Gradually but firmly establish (an idea or attitude) in a person's mind.
instills:Gradually but firmly establish (an idea or attitude) in a person's mind.
instils:Gradually but firmly establish (an idea or attitude) in a person's mind.
instinct:An innate, typically fixed pattern of behavior in animals in response to certain stimuli.
instinctive:Relating to or prompted by instinct; apparently unconscious or automatic.
instinctively:Without conscious thought; by natural instinct.
instincts:An innate, typically fixed pattern of behaviour in animals in response to certain stimuli.
instinctual:Relating to or denoting an innate, typically fixed pattern of behavior; based on instinct.
institute:Set in motion or establish (something, especially a program, system, or inquiry)
instituted:Introduce or establish (a scheme, undertaking, or policy)
institutes:Introduce or establish (a scheme, undertaking, or policy)
instituting:Introduce or establish (a scheme, undertaking, or policy)
institution:A society or organization founded for a religious, educational, social, or similar purpose.
institutional:Of, in, or like an institution or institutions.
institutionalisation:The action of establishing something as a convention or norm in an organization or culture.
institutionalise:Establish (something, typically a practice or activity) as a convention or norm in an organization or culture.
institutionalised:Established in practice or custom.
institutionalising:Establish (something, typically a practice or activity) as a convention or norm in an organization or culture.
institutionally:As or by an institution.
institutions:An organization founded for a religious, educational, professional, or social purpose.
instruct:Direct or command someone to do something, especially as an official order.
instructed:Tell or order someone to do something, especially in a formal or official way.
instructing:Tell or order someone to do something, especially in a formal or official way.
instruction:A direction or order.
instructional:Intended or used for teaching; educational.
instructions:A direction or order.
instructive:Useful and informative.
instructor:A person who teaches something.
instructors:A person who teaches something.
instructs:Tell or order someone to do something, especially in a formal or official way.
instrument:Equip (something) with measuring instruments.
instrumental:A piece of (usually nonclassical) music performed by instruments, with no vocals.
instrumentalist:A player of a musical instrument.
instrumentalists:A player of a musical instrument.
instrumentality:The fact or quality of serving as an instrument or means to an end; agency.
instrumentals:A piece of (usually non-classical) music performed by instruments, with no vocals.
instrumentation:The particular instruments used in a piece of music; the manner in which a piece is arranged for instruments.
instrumented:Equip (something) with measuring instruments.
instruments:Equip (something) with measuring instruments.
insubordinate:Defiant of authority; disobedient to orders.
insubordination:Defiance of authority; refusal to obey orders.
insubstantial:Lacking strength and solidity.
insufferable:Too extreme to bear; intolerable.
insufficiency:The condition of being insufficient.
insufficient:Not enough; inadequate.
insufficiently:To an inadequate degree; not enough.
insulant:An insulating material.
insular:Ignorant of or uninterested in cultures, ideas, or peoples outside one's own experience.
insularity:Ignorance of or lack of interest in cultures, ideas, or peoples outside one's own experience.
insulate:Protect (something) by interposing material that prevents the loss of heat or the intrusion of sound.
insulated:Protected by interposing material that prevents the loss of heat or the intrusion of sound.
insulates:Protect (something) by interposing material that prevents the loss of heat or the intrusion of sound.
insulating:Protect (something) by interposing material that prevents the loss of heat or the intrusion of sound.
insulation:The action of insulating something.
insulator:A substance which does not readily allow the passage of heat or sound.
insulators:A substance which does not readily allow the passage of heat or sound.
insulin:A hormone produced in the pancreas by the islets of Langerhans, which regulates the amount of glucose in the blood. The lack of insulin causes a form of diabetes.
insult:Speak to or treat with disrespect or scornful abuse.
insulted:Speak to or treat with disrespect or scornful abuse.
insulting:Disrespectful or scornfully abusive.
insults:Speak to or treat with disrespect or scornful abuse.
insuperable:(of a difficulty or obstacle) impossible to overcome.
insupportable:Unable to be supported or justified.
insurance:A practice or arrangement by which a company or government agency provides a guarantee of compensation for specified loss, damage, illness, or death in return for payment of a premium.
insurances:An arrangement by which a company or the state undertakes to provide a guarantee of compensation for specified loss, damage, illness, or death in return for payment of a specified premium.
insure:Arrange for compensation in the event of damage to or loss of (property), or injury to or the death of (someone), in exchange for regular advance payments to a company or government agency.
insured:A person or organization covered by insurance.
insurer:A person or company that underwrites an insurance risk; the party in an insurance contract undertaking to pay compensation.
insurers:A person or company that underwrites an insurance risk; the party in an insurance contract undertaking to pay compensation.
insures:Arrange for compensation in the event of damage to or loss of (property), or injury to or the death of (someone), in exchange for regular payments to a company or to the state.
insurgency:An active revolt or uprising.
insurgent:A rebel or revolutionary.
insurgents:A person fighting against a government or invading force; a rebel or revolutionary.
insuring:Arrange for compensation in the event of damage to or loss of (property), or injury to or the death of (someone), in exchange for regular payments to a company or to the state.
insurmountable:Too great to be overcome.
insurrection:A violent uprising against an authority or government.
intact:Not damaged or impaired in any way; complete.
intaglio:Engrave or represent by an engraving.
intake:An amount of food, air, or another substance taken into the body.
intakes:An amount of food, air, or another substance taken into the body.
intangible:An intangible thing.
intangibles:An intangible thing.
integer:A whole number; a number that is not a fraction.
integers:A number which is not a fraction; a whole number.
integral:A function of which a given function is the derivative, i.e. which yields that function when differentiated, and which may express the area under the curve of a graph of the function.
integrals:A function of which a given function is the derivative, i.e. which yields that function when differentiated, and which may express the area under the curve of a graph of the function.
integrate:Combine (one thing) with another so that they become a whole.
integrated:(of an institution, body, etc.) desegregated, especially racially.
integrating:(of an instrument) indicating the mean value or total sum of a measured quantity.
integration:The action or process of integrating.
integrations:The action or process of integrating.
integrative:Serving or intending to unify separate things.
integrity:The quality of being honest and having strong moral principles; moral uprightness.
intellect:The faculty of reasoning and understanding objectively, especially with regard to abstract or academic matters.
intellectual:A person possessing a highly developed intellect.
intellectualism:The exercise of the intellect at the expense of the emotions.
intellectually:In a way that relates to the intellect.
intellectuals:A person possessing a highly developed intellect.
intelligence:The ability to acquire and apply knowledge and skills.
intelligent:Having or showing intelligence, especially of a high level.
intelligently:In a knowledgeable and insightful way; cleverly.
intelligentsia:Intellectuals or highly educated people as a group, especially when regarded as possessing culture and political influence.
intelligibility:The state or quality of being intelligible.
intelligible:Able to be understood; comprehensible.
intemperance:Lack of moderation or restraint.
intemperate:Having or showing a lack of self-control; immoderate.
intend:Have (a course of action) as one's purpose or objective; plan.
intended:The person one intends to marry; one's fiancé or fiancée.
intending:(of a person) planning or meaning to do or be the specified thing.
intends:Have (a course of action) as one's purpose or intention; plan.
intense:Of extreme force, degree, or strength.
intensely:With extreme force or strength.
intensification:The action of making or becoming more intense.
intensified:Become or make more intense.
intensifies:Become or make more intense.
intensify:Become or make more intense.
intensifying:Become or make more intense.
intensities:The quality of being intense.
intensity:The quality of being intense.
intensive:An intensive adjective, adverb, or particle; an intensifier.
intensively:With extreme concentration or effort; very thoroughly or vigorously.
intent:Intention or purpose.
intention:A thing intended; an aim or plan.
intentional:Done on purpose; deliberate.
intentionally:Deliberately; on purpose.
intentioned:Having intentions of a specified kind.
intentions:A thing intended; an aim or plan.
intently:With earnest and eager attention.
intents:Intention or purpose.
inter:Place (a corpse) in a grave or tomb, typically with funeral rites.
interact:Act in such a way as to have an effect on another; act reciprocally.
interacting:Act in such a way as to have an effect on each other.
interaction:Reciprocal action or influence.
interactions:Reciprocal action or influence.
interactive:(of two people or things) influencing or having an effect on each other.
interacts:Act in such a way as to have an effect on each other.
interbank:Agreed, arranged, or operating between banks.
interbred:(with reference to an animal) breed or cause to breed with another of a different race or species.
interbreed:(with reference to an animal) breed or cause to breed with another of a different race or species.
interbreeding:(with reference to an animal) breed or cause to breed with another of a different race or species.
intercede:Intervene on behalf of another.
interceded:Intervene on behalf of another.
interceding:Intervene on behalf of another.
intercept:Obstruct (someone or something) so as to prevent them from continuing to a destination.
intercepted:Obstruct (someone or something) so as to prevent them from continuing to a destination.
intercepting:Obstruct (someone or something) so as to prevent them from continuing to a destination.
interception:The action or fact of preventing someone or something from continuing to a destination.
interceptions:The action or fact of preventing someone or something from continuing to a destination.
interceptor:A person or thing that stops or catches (someone or something) going from one place to another.
interceptors:A person or thing that intercepts.
intercepts:Obstruct (someone or something) so as to prevent them from continuing to a destination.
intercession:The action of intervening on behalf of another.
interchange:(of two or more people) exchange (things) with each other.
interchangeable:(of two things) able to be interchanged.
interchangeably:In a way that can be exchanged.
interchanged:(of two or more people) exchange (things) with each other.
interchanges:(of two or more people) exchange (things) with each other.
interchanging:(of two or more people) exchange (things) with each other.
intercity:Existing or traveling between cities.
intercollegiate:Existing or conducted between colleges or universities.
intercom:An electrical device allowing one-way or two-way communication.
intercommunicate:Engage in two-way communication.
intercommunication:The action of engaging in two-way communication.
interconnect:Connect with each other.
interconnected:Having all constituent parts linked or connected.
interconnectedness:The state of being connected with each other.
interconnecting:Connect with each other.
interconnection:A mutual connection between two or more things.
interconnections:A mutual connection between two or more things.
interconnects:Connect with each other.
intercontinental:Relating to or traveling between continents.
interconversion:The conversion of two things into each other.
intercourse:Communication or dealings between individuals or groups.
intercut:Alternate (scenes or shots) with contrasting scenes or shots to make one composite scene in a film.
interdenominational:Relating to more than one religious denomination.
interdepartmental:Relating to more than one department.
interdependence:The dependence of two or more people or things on each other.
interdependency:The dependence of two or more people or things on each other.
interdependent:(of two or more people or things) dependent on each other.
interdict:Prohibit or forbid (something)
interdicted:Prohibit or forbid (something)
interdisciplinary:Relating to more than one branch of knowledge.
interest:Excite the curiosity or attention of (someone)
interested:Showing curiosity or concern about something or someone; having a feeling of interest.
interesting:Arousing curiosity or interest; holding or catching the attention.
interestingly:In a way that arouses curiosity or interest.
interests:Excite the curiosity or attention of (someone)
interface:A point where two systems, subjects, organizations, etc. meet and interact.
interfaced:Interact with (another system, person, etc.)
interfaces:Interact with (another system, person, etc.)
interfacing:A moderately stiff material, especially buckram, typically used between two layers of fabric in collars and facings.
interfere:Take part or intervene in an activity without invitation or necessity.
interfered:Intervene in a situation without invitation or necessity.
interference:The action of interfering or the process of being interfered with.
interferences:The action of interfering or the process of being interfered with.
interferes:Intervene in a situation without invitation or necessity.
interfering:(of a person) tending to interfere in other people's affairs.
interferometer:An instrument in which the interference of two beams of light is employed to make precise measurements.
interferometers:An instrument in which the interference of two beams of light is employed to make precise measurements.
interferon:A protein released by animal cells, usually in response to the entry of a virus, which has the property of inhibiting virus replication.
intergalactic:Relating to or situated between two or more galaxies.
interglacial:An interglacial period.
intergovernmental:Relating to or conducted between two or more governments.
interim:Meanwhile.
interims:Meanwhile.
interior:The inner or indoor part of something, especially a building; the inside.
interiors:The inner part of something; the inside.
interject:Say (something) abruptly, especially as an aside or interruption.
interjected:Say (something) abruptly, especially as an aside or interruption.
interjecting:Say (something) abruptly, especially as an aside or interruption.
interjection:An abrupt remark, made especially as an aside or interruption.
interjections:An abrupt remark, especially as an aside or interruption.
interjects:Say (something) abruptly, especially as an aside or interruption.
interlace:Cross or be crossed intricately together; interweave.
interlaced:Crossed intricately together; interwoven.
interlacing:Crossed intricately together; interweaving.
interlap:Overlap.
interleave:Insert pages, typically blank ones, between the pages of (a book)
interleaved:Insert pages, typically blank ones, between the pages of (a book)
interleaves:An extra page, typically a blank one, between the leaves of a book.
interleaving:Insert pages, typically blank ones, between the pages of (a book)
interlingual:Between or relating to two languages.
interlinked:Join or connect (two or more things) together.
interlock:(of two or more things) engage with each other by overlapping or by the fitting together of projections and recesses.
interlocked:(of two or more things) engage with each other by overlapping or by the fitting together of projections and recesses.
interlocking:(of two or more things) having parts that overlap or fit together.
interlocks:(of two or more things) engage with each other by overlapping or by the fitting together of projections and recesses.
interlocutor:A person who takes part in a dialogue or conversation.
interlocutors:A person who takes part in a dialogue or conversation.
interlocutory:(of a decree or judgment) given provisionally during the course of a legal action.
interloper:A person who becomes involved in a place or situation where they are not wanted or are considered not to belong.
interlopers:A person who becomes involved in a place or situation where they are not wanted or are considered not to belong.
interlude:An intervening period of time.
interludes:An intervening period of time; an interval.
intermarriage:Marriage between people from different ethnic, religious, or social groups.
intermarriages:Marriage between people from different ethnic, religious, or social groups.
intermediaries:A person who acts as a link between people in order to try and bring about an agreement; a mediator.
intermediary:A person who acts as a link between people in order to try to bring about an agreement or reconciliation; a mediator.
intermediate:An intermediate thing.
intermediates:Act as intermediary; mediate.
interment:The burial of a corpse in a grave or tomb, typically with funeral rites.
interments:The burial of a corpse in a grave or tomb, typically with funeral rites.
interminable:Endless (often used hyperbolically)
intermingled:Mix or mingle together.
intermingling:Mix or mingle together.
intermission:A pause or break.
intermissions:A pause or break.
intermittent:Occurring at irregular intervals; not continuous or steady.
intermittently:At irregular intervals; not continuously or steadily.
intermix:Mix together.
intermixed:Mix together.
intermixing:Mix together.
intermolecular:Existing or taking place between molecules.
intern:Confine (someone) as a prisoner, especially for political or military reasons.
internal:Of or situated on the inside.
internalise:Make (attitudes or behaviour) part of one's nature by learning or unconscious assimilation.
internalised:Make (attitudes or behaviour) part of one's nature by learning or unconscious assimilation.
internalises:Make (attitudes or behaviour) part of one's nature by learning or unconscious assimilation.
internalising:Make (attitudes or behaviour) part of one's nature by learning or unconscious assimilation.
internally:With reference to the inner surface or structure of something; inside.
internals:Of or situated on the inside.
international:A game or contest between teams representing different countries in a sport.
internationalisation:The action or process of making something international.
internationalised:International in character or outlook.
internationalism:The state or process of being international.
internationalist:A person who advocates or believes in cooperation and understanding between nations.
internationalists:A person who advocates or believes in cooperation and understanding between nations.
internationally:In, between, or among many different nations.
internationals:A game or contest between teams representing different countries in a sport.
interned:Confine (someone) as a prisoner, especially for political or military reasons.
internees:A person who is confined as a prisoner, especially for political or military reasons.
internet:A global computer network providing a variety of information and communication facilities, consisting of interconnected networks using standardized communication protocols.
interning:Confine (someone) as a prisoner, especially for political or military reasons.
internment:The state of being confined as a prisoner, especially for political or military reasons.
internments:The state of being confined as a prisoner, especially for political or military reasons.
interns:Confine (someone) as a prisoner, especially for political or military reasons.
internuclear:Between nuclei (especially of atoms).
interoperability:The ability of computer systems or software to exchange and make use of information.
interoperable:(of computer systems or software) able to exchange and make use of information.
interpersonal:Relating to relationships or communication between people.
interplanetary:Situated or traveling between planets.
interplay:The way in which two or more things have an effect on each other.
interpolate:Insert (something of a different nature) into something else.
interpolated:Insert (something of a different nature) into something else.
interpolates:Insert (something of a different nature) into something else.
interpolating:Insert (something of a different nature) into something else.
interpolation:The insertion of something of a different nature into something else.
interpolations:The insertion of something of a different nature into something else.
interpose:Place or insert between one thing and another.
interposed:Place or insert between one thing and another.
interposes:Place or insert between one thing and another.
interposing:Place or insert between one thing and another.
interposition:The action of interposing someone or something.
interpret:Explain the meaning of (information, words, or actions)
interpretation:The action of explaining the meaning of something.
interpretative:Relating to or providing an interpretation.
interpreted:Explain the meaning of (information or actions)
interpreter:A person who interprets, especially one who translates speech orally.
interpreters:A person who interprets, especially one who translates speech orally or into sign language.
interpreting:Explain the meaning of (information or actions)
interpretive:Relating to or providing an interpretation.
interprets:Explain the meaning of (information or actions)
interracial:Existing between or involving different racial or ethnic groups.
interred:Place (a corpse) in a grave or tomb, typically with funeral rites.
interregnum:A period when normal government is suspended, especially between successive reigns or regimes.
interrelate:Relate or connect to one another.
interrelated:Relate or connect to one another.
interrelatedness:The state of being mutually related or connected.
interrelation:The way in which each of two or more things is related to the other or others.
interrelations:The way in which each of two or more things is related to the other or others.
interrelationship:The way in which each of two or more things is related to the other or others.
interrelationships:The way in which each of two or more things is related to the other or others.
interrogate:Ask questions of (someone, especially a suspect or a prisoner) closely, aggressively, or formally.
interrogated:Ask questions of (someone) closely, aggressively, or formally.
interrogates:Ask questions of (someone) closely, aggressively, or formally.
interrogating:Ask questions of (someone) closely, aggressively, or formally.
interrogation:The action of interrogating or the process of being interrogated.
interrogations:The action of interrogating or the process of being interrogated.
interrogative:A word used in questions, such as how or what.
interrogatives:A word used in questions, such as how or what.
interrogator:A person who questions someone closely, aggressively, or formally.
interrogators:A person who questions someone closely, aggressively, or formally.
interrogatory:A written question which is formally put to one party in a case by another party and which must be answered.
interrupt:Stop the continuous progress of (an activity or process)
interrupted:(of a compound leaf, inflorescence, or other plant organ) made discontinuous by smaller interposed leaflets or intervals of bare stem.
interrupting:Stop the continuous progress of (an activity or process)
interruption:The action of interrupting or being interrupted.
interrupts:Stop the continuous progress of (an activity or process)
intersect:Divide (something) by passing or lying across it.
intersected:Divide (something) by passing or lying across it.
intersecting:Divide (something) by passing or lying across it.
intersection:A point or line common to lines or surfaces that intersect.
intersections:A point or line common to lines or surfaces that intersect.
intersects:Divide (something) by passing or lying across it.
intersperse:Scatter among or between other things; place here and there.
interspersed:Scatter among or between other things; place here and there.
intersperses:Scatter among or between other things; place here and there.
interspersing:Scatter among or between other things; place here and there.
interstellar:Occurring or situated between stars.
interstices:An intervening space, especially a very small one.
interstitial:Of, forming, or occupying interstices.
intertidal:Of or denoting the area of a seashore which is covered at high tide and uncovered at low tide.
intertwine:Twist or twine together.
intertwined:Twist or twine together.
intertwining:Twist or twine together.
interval:An intervening time or space.
intervals:An intervening time.
intervene:Come between so as to prevent or alter a result or course of events.
intervened:Take part in something so as to prevent or alter a result or course of events.
intervenes:Take part in something so as to prevent or alter a result or course of events.
intervening:Extending or occurring between events.
intervention:The action or process of intervening.
interventionist:A person who favors government intervention.
interventions:The action or process of intervening.
interview:Hold an interview with (someone)
interviewed:Hold an interview with (someone)
interviewee:A person who is interviewed.
interviewees:A person who is interviewed.
interviewer:A person who interviews someone, especially as a job.
interviewers:A person who interviews someone, especially as a job.
interviewing:Hold an interview with (someone)
interviews:Hold an interview with (someone)
interweaving:Weave or become woven together.
interwoven:Weave or become woven together.
intestate:A person who has died without having made a will.
intestinal:Relating to or affecting the intestine.
intestine:(in vertebrates) the lower part of the alimentary canal from the end of the stomach to the anus.
intestines:(in vertebrates) the lower part of the alimentary canal from the end of the stomach to the anus.
intifada:The Palestinian uprising against Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip, beginning in 1987.
intimacy:Close familiarity or friendship; closeness.
intimate:A very close friend.
intimated:A very close friend.
intimately:In a way that involves detailed knowledge.
intimates:A very close friend.
intimating:A very close friend.
intimation:An indication or hint.
intimations:An indication or hint.
intimidate:Frighten or overawe (someone), especially in order to make them do what one wants.
intimidated:Frighten or overawe (someone), especially in order to make them do what one wants.
intimidates:Frighten or overawe (someone), especially in order to make them do what one wants.
intimidating:Having a frightening, overawing, or threatening effect.
intimidation:The action of intimidating someone, or the state of being intimidated.
into:Expressing movement or action with the result that someone or something becomes enclosed or surrounded by something else.
intolerable:Unable to be endured.
intolerance:Unwillingness to accept views, beliefs, or behavior that differ from one's own.
intolerant:Not tolerant of views, beliefs, or behavior that differ from one's own.
intonation:The rise and fall of the voice in speaking.
intone:Say or recite with little rise and fall of the pitch of the voice.
intoned:Say or recite with little rise and fall of the pitch of the voice.
intones:Say or recite with little rise and fall of the pitch of the voice.
intoning:Say or recite with little rise and fall of the pitch of the voice.
intoxicant:An intoxicating substance.
intoxicants:An intoxicating substance.
intoxicate:(of alcoholic drink or a drug) cause (someone) to lose control of their faculties or behavior.
intoxicated:Drunk or under the influence of drugs.
intoxicating:(of alcoholic drink or a drug) liable to cause intoxication.
intoxication:The state of being intoxicated, especially by alcohol.
intracellular:Located or occurring within a cell or cells.
intractable:Hard to control or deal with.
intramural:Situated or done within the walls of a building.
intramuscular:Situated or taking place within, or administered into, a muscle.
intransigence:Refusal to change one's views or to agree about something.
intransigent:An intransigent person.
intransitive:An intransitive verb.
intrauterine:Within the uterus.
intravenous:Existing or taking place within, or administered into, a vein or veins.
intravenously:Into or by means of a vein or veins.
intrepid:Fearless; adventurous (often used for rhetorical or humorous effect)
intricacy:The quality of being intricate.
intricate:Very complicated or detailed.
intricately:In a very complicated or detailed manner.
intrigue:Arouse the curiosity or interest of; fascinate.
intrigued:Arouse the curiosity or interest of; fascinate.
intrigues:Arouse the curiosity or interest of; fascinate.
intriguing:Arousing one's curiosity or interest; fascinating.
intriguingly:In a manner that arouses one's curiosity or interest; fascinatingly.
intrinsic:Belonging naturally; essential.
intrinsically:In an essential or natural way.
intro:An introduction.
introduce:Bring (something, especially a product, measure, or concept) into use or operation for the first time.
introduced:Bring (something, especially a product, measure, or concept) into use or operation for the first time.
introduces:Bring (something, especially a product, measure, or concept) into use or operation for the first time.
introducing:Bring (something, especially a product, measure, or concept) into use or operation for the first time.
introduction:The action of introducing something.
introductory:Serving as an introduction to a subject or topic; basic or preliminary.
introspection:The examination or observation of one's own mental and emotional processes.
introspective:Characterized by or given to introspection.
introversion:The quality of being shy and reticent.
introvert:A shy, reticent person.
introverted:Of, denoting, or typical of an introvert.
introverts:A shy, reticent person.
intrude:Put oneself deliberately into a place or situation where one is unwelcome or uninvited.
intruded:Put oneself deliberately into a place or situation where one is unwelcome or uninvited.
intruder:A person who intrudes, especially into a building with criminal intent.
intruders:A person who intrudes, especially into a building with criminal intent.
intrudes:Put oneself deliberately into a place or situation where one is unwelcome or uninvited.
intruding:Put oneself deliberately into a place or situation where one is unwelcome or uninvited.
intrusion:The action of intruding.
intrusions:The action of intruding.
intrusive:Causing disruption or annoyance through being unwelcome or uninvited.
intuited:Understand or work out by instinct.
intuition:The ability to understand something immediately, without the need for conscious reasoning.
intuitive:Using or based on what one feels to be true even without conscious reasoning; instinctive.
intuitively:Without conscious reasoning; instinctively.
inuit:A member of an indigenous people of northern Canada and parts of Greenland and Alaska.
inuits:A member of an indigenous people of northern Canada and parts of Greenland and Alaska.
inundate:Overwhelm (someone) with things or people to be dealt with.
inundated:Overwhelm (someone) with things or people to be dealt with.
inundation:An overwhelming abundance of people or things.
inure:Accustom (someone) to something, especially something unpleasant.
inured:Accustom (someone) to something, especially something unpleasant.
invade:(of an armed force or its commander) enter (a country or region) so as to subjugate or occupy it.
invaded:(of an armed force) enter (a country or region) so as to subjugate or occupy it.
invader:A person or group that invades a country, region, or other place.
invaders:A person or group that invades a country, region, or other place.
invades:(of an armed force) enter (a country or region) so as to subjugate or occupy it.
invading:(of an armed force) enter (a country or region) so as to subjugate or occupy it.
invalid:Remove (someone) from active service in the armed forces because of injury or illness.
invalidate:Make (an argument, statement, or theory) unsound or erroneous.
invalidated:Make or prove (an argument, statement, or theory) unsound or erroneous.
invalidates:Make or prove (an argument, statement, or theory) unsound or erroneous.
invalidating:Make or prove (an argument, statement, or theory) unsound or erroneous.
invalided:Remove (someone) from active service in the armed forces because of injury or illness.
invalidity:The fact of not being valid.
invalids:Remove (someone) from active service in the armed forces because of injury or illness.
invaluable:Extremely useful; indispensable.
invariable:Never changing.
invariably:In every case or on every occasion; always.
invariant:A function, quantity, or property which remains unchanged when a specified transformation is applied.
invariants:A function, quantity, or property which remains unchanged when a specified transformation is applied.
invasion:An instance of invading a country or region with an armed force.
invasions:An instance of invading a country or region with an armed force.
invasive:(especially of plants or a disease) tending to spread prolifically and undesirably or harmfully.
invective:Insulting, abusive, or highly critical language.
inveigh:Speak or write about (something) with great hostility.
inveighing:Speak or write about (something) with great hostility.
inveigle:Persuade (someone) to do something by means of deception or flattery.
inveigled:Persuade (someone) to do something by means of deception or flattery.
inveigling:Persuade (someone) to do something by means of deception or flattery.
invent:Create or design (something that has not existed before); be the originator of.
invented:Create or design (something that has not existed before); be the originator of.
inventing:Create or design (something that has not existed before); be the originator of.
invention:The action of inventing something, typically a process or device.
inventive:(of a person) having the ability to create or design new things or to think originally.
inventiveness:The quality of being inventive; creativity.
inventor:A person who invented a particular process or device or who invents things as an occupation.
inventories:Make a complete list of.
inventors:A person who invented a particular process or device or who invents things as an occupation.
inventory:Make a complete list of.
invents:Create or design (something that has not existed before); be the originator of.
inverse:Something that is the opposite or reverse of something else.
inversely:In the opposite manner, position, or order.
inverses:Something that is the opposite or reverse of something else.
inversion:The action of inverting something or the state of being inverted.
inversions:The action of inverting something or the state of being inverted.
invert:Put upside down or in the opposite position, order, or arrangement.
invertebrate:An animal lacking a backbone, such as an arthropod, mollusk, annelid, coelenterate, etc. The invertebrates constitute an artificial division of the animal kingdom, comprising 95 percent of animal species and about 30 different phyla.
invertebrates:An animal lacking a backbone, such as an arthropod, mollusc, annelid, coelenterate, etc. The invertebrates constitute an artificial division of the animal kingdom, comprising 95 per cent of animal species and about thirty different phyla.
inverted:Put upside down or in the opposite position, order, or arrangement.
inverter:An apparatus which converts direct current into alternating current.
inverters:An apparatus which converts direct current into alternating current.
inverting:Put upside down or in the opposite position, order, or arrangement.
inverts:Put upside down or in the opposite position, order, or arrangement.
invest:Expend money with the expectation of achieving a profit or material result by putting it into financial plans, shares, or property, or by using it to develop a commercial venture.
invested:Put (money) into financial schemes, shares, property, or a commercial venture with the expectation of achieving a profit.
investigate:Carry out a systematic or formal inquiry to discover and examine the facts of (an incident, allegation, etc.) so as to establish the truth.
investigated:Carry out a systematic or formal inquiry to discover and examine the facts of (an incident, allegation, etc.) so as to establish the truth.
investigates:Carry out a systematic or formal inquiry to discover and examine the facts of (an incident, allegation, etc.) so as to establish the truth.
investigating:Carry out a systematic or formal inquiry to discover and examine the facts of (an incident, allegation, etc.) so as to establish the truth.
investigation:The action of investigating something or someone; formal or systematic examination or research.
investigative:Of or concerned with investigating something.
investigator:A person who carries out a formal inquiry or investigation.
investigators:A person who carries out a formal inquiry or investigation.
investing:Put (money) into financial schemes, shares, property, or a commercial venture with the expectation of achieving a profit.
investiture:The action of formally investing a person with honors or rank.
investment:The action or process of investing money for profit or material result.
investments:The action or process of investing money for profit.
investor:A person or organization that puts money into financial plans, property, etc. with the expectation of achieving a profit.
investors:A person or organization that puts money into financial schemes, property, etc. with the expectation of achieving a profit.
invests:Put (money) into financial schemes, shares, property, or a commercial venture with the expectation of achieving a profit.
inveterate:Having a particular habit, activity, or interest that is long-established and unlikely to change.
invidious:(of an action or situation) likely to arouse or incur resentment or anger in others.
invigilate:Supervise candidates during an examination.
invigilated:Supervise candidates during an examination.
invigilating:Supervise candidates during an examination.
invigorate:Give strength or energy to.
invigorated:Give strength or energy to.
invigorating:Making one feel strong, healthy, and full of energy.
invincibility:The quality of being too powerful to be defeated or overcome.
invincible:Too powerful to be defeated or overcome.
inviolable:Never to be broken, infringed, or dishonored.
inviolate:Free or safe from injury or violation.
inviscid:Having no or negligible viscosity.
invisibilities:Inability to be seen.
invisibility:Inability to be seen.
invisible:Invisible exports and imports.
invisibles:Invisible exports and imports.
invisibly:In a way that cannot be seen or perceived.
invitation:A written or verbal request inviting someone to go somewhere or to do something.
invitations:A written or verbal request inviting someone to go somewhere or to do something.
invite:Make a polite, formal, or friendly request to (someone) to go somewhere or to do something.
invited:Make a polite, formal, or friendly request to (someone) to go somewhere or to do something.
invites:Make a polite, formal, or friendly request to (someone) to go somewhere or to do something.
inviting:Offering the promise of an attractive or enjoyable experience.
invocation:The action of invoking something or someone for assistance or as an authority.
invoice:Send an invoice to (someone).
invoiced:Send an invoice to (someone).
invoices:Send an invoice to (someone).
invoicing:Send an invoice to (someone).
invoke:Cite or appeal to (someone or something) as an authority for an action or in support of an argument.
invoked:Call on (a deity or spirit) in prayer, as a witness, or for inspiration.
invokes:Call on (a deity or spirit) in prayer, as a witness, or for inspiration.
invoking:Call on (a deity or spirit) in prayer, as a witness, or for inspiration.
involuntarily:Without will or conscious control.
involuntary:Done without will or conscious control.
involute:The locus of a point considered as the end of a taut string being unwound from a given curve in the plane of that curve.
involution:The shrinkage of an organ in old age or when inactive, e.g. of the uterus after childbirth.
involutions:The shrinkage of an organ in old age or when inactive, e.g. of the uterus after childbirth.
involve:(of a situation or event) include (something) as a necessary part or result.
involved:Difficult to comprehend; complicated.
involvement:The fact or condition of being involved with or participating in something.
involvements:The fact or condition of being involved with or participating in something.
involves:Have or include (something) as a necessary or integral part or result.
involving:Have or include (something) as a necessary or integral part or result.
invulnerable:Impossible to harm or damage.
inward:Toward the inside.
inwardly:(of a particular thought, feeling, or action) registered or existing in the mind but not expressed to others.
inwardness:Preoccupation with one's inner self; concern with spiritual or philosophical matters rather than externalities.
inwards:variant of inward
iodide:A compound of iodine with another element or group, especially a salt of the anion I⁻.
iodine:The chemical element of atomic number 53, a nonmetallic element forming black crystals and a violet vapor.A solution of iodine in alcohol, used as a mild antiseptic.
ion:An atom or molecule with a net electric charge due to the loss or gain of one or more electrons.
ionian:A member of an ancient Hellenic people inhabiting Attica, parts of western Asia Minor, and the Aegean islands in preclassical and classical times. They also colonized the islands that became known as the Ionian Islands.
ionic:Relating to, composed of, or using ions.
ionise:Convert (an atom, molecule, or substance) into an ion or ions, typically by removing one or more electrons.
ionised:Convert (an atom, molecule, or substance) into an ion or ions, typically by removing one or more electrons.
ionising:Convert (an atom, molecule, or substance) into an ion or ions, typically by removing one or more electrons.
ionosphere:The layer of the earth's atmosphere that contains a high concentration of ions and free electrons and is able to reflect radio waves. It lies above the mesosphere and extends from about 50 to 600 miles (80 to 1,000 km) above the earth's surface.
ions:An atom or molecule with a net electric charge due to the loss or gain of one or more electrons.
iota:The ninth letter of the Greek alphabet (Ι, ι), transliterated as ‘i.’.
iotas:The ninth letter of the Greek alphabet (Ι, ι), transliterated as ‘i’.
iran:A country in the Middle East, between the Caspian Sea and the Persian Gulf; population 79,100,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Tehran; languages, Farsi (Persian) (official), Turkish, Kurdish, Arabic, and others.
iranian:A native or inhabitant of Iran, or a person of Iranian descent.
iranians:A native or inhabitant of Iran, or a person of Iranian descent.
iraq:A country in the Middle East, with an outlet on the Persian Gulf; population 36,400,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Baghdad; official language, Arabic.
iraqi:A native or inhabitant of Iraq, or a person of Iraqi descent.
iraqis:A native or inhabitant of Iraq, or a person of Iraqi descent.
irascible:Having or showing a tendency to be easily angered.
irate:Feeling or characterized by great anger.
ire:Anger.
ireland:An island of the British Isles, lying west of Great Britain. Approximately four fifths of the area of Ireland forms the Republic of Ireland, with the remaining one fifth forming Northern Ireland.
iridescent:Showing luminous colors that seem to change when seen from different angles.
iridium:The chemical element of atomic number 77, a hard, dense silvery-white metal.
iris:(of an aperture, typically that of a lens) open or close in the manner of an iris or iris diaphragm.
irises:(of an aperture, typically that of a lens) open or close in the manner of an iris or iris diaphragm.
irish:The Goidelic language that is the first official language of the Republic of Ireland.
irishman:A native or inhabitant of Ireland, or a person of Irish descent, especially a man.
irishmen:A male native or inhabitant of Ireland, or a man of Irish descent.
irk:Irritate; annoy.
irked:Irritate; annoy.
irking:Irritate; annoy.
irks:Irritate; annoy.
irksome:Irritating; annoying.
iron:Smooth (clothes, sheets, etc.) with an iron.
ironed:Smooth (clothes, sheets, etc.) with an iron.
ironic:Using or characterized by irony.
ironically:In an ironic manner.
ironing:The task of ironing clothes, sheets, etc.
ironmonger:A person or store selling hardware such as tools and household implements.
ironmongers:A person or shop selling hardware such as tools and household implements.
irons:Smooth (clothes, sheets, etc.) with an iron.
ironstone:Sedimentary rock containing a substantial proportion of iron compounds.
ironwork:Articles or parts made of iron.
ironworks:A place where iron is smelted or iron goods are made.
irony:The expression of one's meaning by using language that normally signifies the opposite, typically for humorous or emphatic effect.
irradiate:Expose to radiation.
irradiated:Expose (someone or something) to radiation.
irradiating:Expose (someone or something) to radiation.
irradiation:The process or fact of irradiating or being irradiated.
irrational:An irrational number.
irrationalities:The quality of being illogical or unreasonable.
irrationality:The quality of being illogical or unreasonable.
irrationally:In an illogical or unreasonable manner.
irreconcilable:Any of two or more ideas, facts, or statements that cannot be made compatible.
irrecoverable:Not able to be recovered, regained, or remedied.
irredeemable:Not able to be saved, improved, or corrected.
irreducible:Not able to be reduced or simplified.
irrefutable:Impossible to deny or disprove.
irregular:A member of an irregular military force.
irregularity:The state or quality of being irregular.
irregularly:In a way that is not even or balanced in shape or arrangement.
irregulars:A member of an irregular military force.
irrelevance:The quality or state of being irrelevant.
irrelevances:The quality or state of being irrelevant.
irrelevant:Not connected with or relevant to something.
irreligious:Indifferent or hostile to religion, or having no religious beliefs.
irremediable:Impossible to cure or put right.
irremovable:Incapable of being removed.
irreparable:(of an injury or loss) impossible to rectify or repair.
irreparably:In a way that is impossible to rectify or repair.
irreplaceable:Impossible to replace if lost or damaged.
irrepressible:Not able to be controlled or restrained.
irreproachable:Beyond criticism; faultless.
irresistible:Too attractive and tempting to be resisted.
irresistibly:In a way that is too attractive and tempting to be resisted.
irresolute:Showing or feeling hesitancy; uncertain.
irresolution:Hesitancy; uncertainty.
irresolvable:(of a problem or dilemma) impossible to solve or settle.
irrespective:Not taking (something) into account; regardless of.
irresponsibility:Lack of a proper sense of responsibility.
irresponsible:(of a person, attitude, or action) not showing a proper sense of responsibility.
irresponsibly:In a manner that lacks a proper sense of responsibility.
irretrievable:Not able to be retrieved or put right.
irretrievably:In a way that cannot be retrieved or put right.
irreverence:A lack of respect for people or things that are generally taken seriously.
irreverent:Showing a lack of respect for people or things that are generally taken seriously.
irreversible:Not able to be undone or altered.
irreversibly:In a way that cannot be undone or altered.
irrevocable:Not able to be changed, reversed, or recovered; final.
irrevocably:In a way that cannot be changed, reversed, or recovered.
irrigate:Supply water to (land or crops) to help growth, typically by means of channels.
irrigated:Supply water to (land or crops) to help growth, typically by means of channels.
irrigating:Supply water to (land or crops) to help growth, typically by means of channels.
irrigation:The supply of water to land or crops to help growth, typically by means of channels.
irritability:The quality or state of being irritable.
irritable:Having or showing a tendency to be easily annoyed or made angry.
irritant:A substance that causes slight inflammation or other discomfort to the body.
irritants:A substance that causes slight inflammation or other discomfort to the body.
irritate:Make (someone) annoyed, impatient, or angry.
irritated:Showing or feeling slight anger; annoyed.
irritates:Make (someone) annoyed or a little angry.
irritating:Causing annoyance, impatience, or mild anger.
irritatingly:In a manner that causes annoyance, impatience, or mild anger.
irritation:The state of feeling annoyed, impatient, or slightly angry.
irrupted:Enter somewhere forcibly or suddenly.
is:short for Islamic State
isis:A goddess of fertility, wife of Osiris and mother of Horus. Her worship spread to western Asia, Greece, and Rome, where she was identified with various local goddesses.
islam:The religion of the Muslims, a monotheistic faith regarded as revealed through Muhammad as the Prophet of Allah.
islamic:Relating to Islam.
island:Make into or like an island; place or enclose on or as on an island; isolate.
islander:A native or inhabitant of an island.
islanders:A native or inhabitant of an island.
islands:A piece of land surrounded by water.
isle:An island or peninsula, especially a small one.
isles:An island or peninsula, especially a small one.
islet:A small island.
islets:A small island.
isms:A distinctive practice, system, or philosophy, typically a political ideology or an artistic movement.
isobar:A line on a map connecting points having the same atmospheric pressure at a given time or on average over a given period.
isobars:A line on a map connecting points having the same atmospheric pressure at a given time or on average over a given period.
isolate:Cause (a person or place) to be or remain alone or apart from others.
isolated:Far away from other places, buildings, or people; remote.
isolates:Cause (a person or place) to be or remain alone or apart from others.
isolating:Having the effect of making a person feel or be alone or apart from others.
isolation:The process or fact of isolating or being isolated.
isolationism:A policy of remaining apart from the affairs or interests of other groups, especially the political affairs of other countries.
isolationist:A person favoring a policy of remaining apart from the affairs or interests of other groups, especially the political affairs of other countries.
isomer:Each of two or more compounds with the same formula but a different arrangement of atoms in the molecule and different properties.
isomers:Each of two or more compounds with the same formula but a different arrangement of atoms in the molecule and different properties.
isometric:Of or having equal dimensions.
isometry:A transformation without a change to a figure's shape or size, such as rotation or reflection.
isomorph:A substance or organism that exactly corresponds in form with another.
isomorphic:Corresponding or similar in form and relations.
isosceles:(of a triangle) having two sides of equal length.
isostatic:Characterized by or involving the equilibrium that exists between parts of the earth's crust.
isothermal:A line connecting points having the same temperature; an isotherm.
isotonic:(of muscle action) taking place with normal contraction.
isotope:Each of two or more forms of the same element that contain equal numbers of protons but different numbers of neutrons in their nuclei, and hence differ in relative atomic mass but not in chemical properties; in particular, a radioactive form of an element.
isotopes:Each of two or more forms of the same element that contain equal numbers of protons but different numbers of neutrons in their nuclei, and hence differ in relative atomic mass but not in chemical properties; in particular, a radioactive form of an element.
isotopic:Relating to an isotope or isotopes of an element.
isotropic:(of an object or substance) having a physical property which has the same value when measured in different directions.
israel:A country in the Middle East, on the Mediterranean Sea; population 8,100,000 (estimated 2015); capital (not recognized as such by the United Nations), Jerusalem; languages, Hebrew (official), English, and Arabic.
israeli:A native or inhabitant of Israel, or a person of Israeli descent.
israelis:A native or inhabitant of Israel, or a person of Israeli descent.
issuance:The action of supplying or distributing something, especially for official purposes.
issue:Supply or distribute (something)
issued:Supply or distribute (something) for use or sale.
issuer:A person or company that supplies or distributes something.
issuers:A person or company that supplies or distributes something.
issues:Supply or distribute (something) for use or sale.
issuing:Supply or distribute (something) for use or sale.
istanbul:A port in Turkey on the Bosporus that straddles Europe and Asia; population 10,757,300 (est. 2007). Formerly the Roman city of Constantinople 330–1453, it was built on the site of the ancient Greek city of Byzantium. It was captured by the Ottoman Turks in 1453 and was the capital of Turkey from that time until 1923.
isthmus:A narrow strip of land with sea on either side, forming a link between two larger areas of land.
it:Used to refer to a thing previously mentioned or easily identified.
italian:A native or inhabitant of Italy, or a person of Italian descent.
italians:A native or inhabitant of Italy, or a person of Italian descent.
italic:An italic typeface or letter.
italicise:Write or print (text) in italics.
italicised:Write or print (text) in italics.
italics:An italic typeface or letter.
italy:A country in southern Europe; population 59,800,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Rome; official language, Italian. Italian name Italia.
itch:An uncomfortable sensation on the skin that causes a desire to scratch.
itched:Be the site of or cause an itch.
itches:Be the site of or cause an itch.
itchier:Having or causing an itch.
itchiest:Having or causing an itch.
itching:Be the site of or cause an itch.
itchy:Having or causing an itch.
item:Used to introduce each item in a list.
itemise:Present as a list of individual items.
itemised:Present as a list of individual items.
itemises:Present as a list of individual items.
itemising:Present as a list of individual items.
items:Used to introduce each item in a list.
iterate:Perform or utter repeatedly.
iterated:Perform or utter repeatedly.
iterates:Perform or utter repeatedly.
iterating:Perform or utter repeatedly.
iteration:The repetition of a process or utterance.
iterative:Relating to or involving iteration, especially of a mathematical or computational process.
itinerant:A person who travels from place to place.
itinerants:A person who travels from place to place.
itineraries:A planned route or journey.
itinerary:A planned route or journey.
its:Belonging to or associated with a thing previously mentioned or easily identified.
itself:Used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a thing or animal previously mentioned as the subject of the clause.
ive:(forming adjectives, also nouns derived from them) tending to; having the nature of.
ivies:A woody evergreen Eurasian climbing plant, typically having shiny, dark green five-pointed leaves.
ivories:A hard creamy-white substance composing the main part of the tusks of an elephant, walrus, or narwhal, often (especially formerly) used to make ornaments and other articles.
ivory:A hard creamy-white substance composing the main part of the tusks of an elephant, walrus, or narwhal, often (especially formerly) used to make ornaments and other articles.
ivy:A woody evergreen Eurasian climbing plant, typically having shiny, dark green five-pointed leaves.
jab:Poke (someone or something) roughly or quickly, especially with something sharp or pointed.
jabbed:Poke roughly or quickly, especially with something sharp or pointed.
jabber:Talk rapidly and excitedly but with little sense.
jabbered:Talk in a rapid, excited, and often incomprehensible way.
jabbering:Talk in a rapid, excited, and often incomprehensible way.
jabbers:Talk in a rapid, excited, and often incomprehensible way.
jabbing:Poke roughly or quickly, especially with something sharp or pointed.
jabs:Poke roughly or quickly, especially with something sharp or pointed.
jack:A device for lifting heavy objects, especially one for raising the axle of a motor vehicle off the ground so that a wheel can be changed or the underside inspected.
jackal:A slender long-legged wild dog that feeds on carrion, game, and fruit and often hunts cooperatively, found in Africa and southern Asia.
jackals:A slender long-legged wild dog that feeds on carrion, game, and fruit and often hunts cooperatively, found in Africa and southern Asia.
jackass:A stupid person.
jackasses:A stupid person.
jackboot:A large leather military boot reaching to the knee.
jackboots:A large leather military boot reaching to the knee.
jackdaw:A small gray-headed crow that typically nests in tall buildings and chimneys, noted for its inquisitiveness.
jackdaws:A small grey-headed crow that typically nests in tall buildings and chimneys, noted for its inquisitiveness.
jacked:Physically or mentally stimulated from the effects of a drug or stimulant.
jacket:Cover with a jacket.
jackets:Cover with a jacket.
jacking:A device for lifting heavy objects, especially one for raising the axle of a motor vehicle off the ground so that a wheel can be changed or the underside inspected.
jackpot:A large cash prize in a game or lottery, especially one that accumulates until it is won.
jackpots:A large cash prize in a game or lottery, especially one that accumulates until it is won.
jacks:A toilet.
jacob:(in the Bible) a Hebrew patriarch, the younger of the twin sons of Isaac and Rebecca, who persuaded his brother Esau to sell him his birthright and tricked him out of his father's blessing. Jacob's twelve sons became the founders of the twelve tribes of ancient Israel.
jacuzzi:A large bath with a system of underwater jets of water to massage the body.
jade:A hard, typically green stone used for ornaments and implements and consisting of the minerals jadeite or nephrite.
jaded:Tired, bored, or lacking enthusiasm, typically after having had too much of something.
jades:A hard, typically green stone used for ornaments and implements and consisting of the minerals jadeite or nephrite.
jag:Stab, pierce, or prick.
jagged:Having rough, sharp points protruding.
jaguar:A large heavily built cat that has a yellowish-brown coat with black spots, found mainly in the dense forests of Central and South America.
jaguars:A large heavily built cat that has a yellowish-brown coat with black spots, found mainly in the dense forests of Central and South America.
jail:Put (someone) in jail.
jailbird:A person who is or has been in prison, especially a criminal who has been jailed repeatedly.
jailed:Put (someone) in jail.
jailer:A person in charge of a jail or of the prisoners in it.
jailers:A person in charge of a jail or of the prisoners in it.
jailing:Put (someone) in jail.
jails:Put (someone) in jail.
jakarta:The capital of Indonesia, in northwestern Java; population 9,125,000 (est. 2009).
jalopy:An old car in a dilapidated condition.
jam:Squeeze or pack tightly into a specified space.
jamaica:An island country in the Caribbean Sea, southeast of Cuba; population 2,800,000 (estimated 2015); official capital, Kingston; language, English.
jamaican:A native or inhabitant of Jamaica, or a person of Jamaican descent.
jamb:A side post or surface of a doorway, window, or fireplace.
jamboree:A large celebration or party, typically a lavish and boisterous one.
jambs:A side post or surface of a doorway, window, or fireplace.
james:The name of seven Stuart kings of Scotland.
jammed:Squeeze or pack tightly into a specified space.
jamming:Squeeze or pack tightly into a specified space.
jams:Squeeze or pack tightly into a specified space.
jangle:Make or cause to make a ringing metallic sound, typically a discordant one.
jangled:Make or cause to make a ringing metallic sound, typically a discordant one.
jangling:Make or cause to make a ringing metallic sound, typically a discordant one.
janitor:A person employed as a caretaker of a building; a custodian.
janitors:A person employed to look after a building; a caretaker.
january:The first month of the year, in the northern hemisphere usually considered the second month of winter.
janus:An ancient Italian deity, guardian of doorways and gates and protector of the state in time of war. He is usually represented with two faces, so that he looks both forward and backward.
jap:A Japanese person.
japan:Cover (something) with a hard black varnish.
jape:A practical joke.
japes:Say or do something in jest or mockery.
jar:A wide-mouthed cylindrical container made of glass or pottery and typically having a lid, used especially for storing food.
jargon:Special words or expressions that are used by a particular profession or group and are difficult for others to understand.
jargons:Special words or expressions used by a profession or group that are difficult for others to understand.
jarl:A Norse or Danish chief.
jarred:A wide-mouthed cylindrical container made of glass or pottery and typically having a lid, used especially for storing food.
jarring:Incongruous in a striking or shocking way; clashing.
jars:A wide-mouthed cylindrical container made of glass or pottery and typically having a lid, used especially for storing food.
jasmine:An Old World shrub or climbing plant that bears fragrant flowers used in perfumery or tea. It is popular as an ornamental.
jaundice:A medical condition with yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes, arising from excess of the pigment bilirubin and typically caused by obstruction of the bile duct, by liver disease, or by excessive breakdown of red blood cells.
jaundiced:Having or affected by jaundice, in particular unnaturally yellow in complexion.
jaunt:A short excursion or journey for pleasure.
jaunted:Go on a short journey for pleasure.
jauntier:Having or expressing a lively, cheerful, and self-confident manner.
jauntiest:Having or expressing a lively, cheerful, and self-confident manner.
jaunting:Go on a short journey for pleasure.
jaunts:Go on a short journey for pleasure.
jaunty:Having or expressing a lively, cheerful, and self-confident manner.
java:Coffee.
javelin:A light spear thrown in a competitive sport or as a weapon.
javelins:A light spear thrown in a competitive sport or as a weapon.
jaw:Each of the upper and lower bony structures in vertebrates forming the framework of the mouth and containing the teeth.
jawbone:Attempt to persuade or pressure by the force of one's position of authority.
jawbones:Use one's position or authority to pressure (someone) to do something.
jawing:Talk at length; chatter.
jawline:The contour of the lower edge of a person's jaw.
jaws:Talk at length; chatter.
jay:A bird of the crow family with boldly patterned plumage, typically having blue feathers in the wings or tail.
jays:A bird of the crow family with boldly patterned plumage, typically having blue feathers in the wings or tail.
jaywalk:Cross or walk in the street or road unlawfully or without regard for approaching traffic.
jaywalking:Cross or walk in the street or road unlawfully or without regard for approaching traffic.
jazz:A type of music of black American origin characterized by improvisation, syncopation, and usually a regular or forceful rhythm, emerging at the beginning of the 20th century. Brass and woodwind instruments and piano are particularly associated with jazz, although guitar and occasionally violin are also used; styles include Dixieland, swing, bebop, and free jazz.
jazzed:Play or dance to jazz music.
jazzier:Of, resembling, or in the style of jazz.
jazziest:Of, resembling, or in the style of jazz.
jazzy:Of, resembling, or in the style of jazz.
jealous:Feeling or showing envy of someone or their achievements and advantages.
jealousies:The state or feeling of being jealous.
jealously:In a way that shows an envious resentment of someone or their achievements, possessions, or perceived advantages.
jealousy:The state or feeling of being jealous.
jeans:Hard-wearing trousers made of denim or other cotton fabric, for informal wear.
jeep:A small, sturdy motor vehicle with four-wheel drive, especially one used by the military.
jeeps:A small, sturdy motor vehicle with four-wheel drive, especially one used by the military.
jeer:Make rude and mocking remarks, typically in a loud voice.
jeered:Make rude and mocking remarks, typically in a loud voice.
jeering:Making rude and mocking remarks, typically in a loud voice.
jeers:Make rude and mocking remarks, typically in a loud voice.
jehad:A struggle or fight against the enemies of Islam.
jejune:Naive, simplistic, and superficial.
jejunum:The part of the small intestine between the duodenum and ileum.
jell:(of a liquid or semiliquid substance) set or become more solid.
jellied:(of food) set as or in a jelly.
jellies:Set (food) as or in a jelly.
jellify:Become or make into jelly.
jelly:Set (food) as or in a jelly.
jellyfish:A free-swimming marine coelenterate with a gelatinous bell- or saucer-shaped body that is typically transparent and has stinging tentacles around the edge.
jemmy:Force open (a window or door) with a jemmy.
jennets:A kind of small Spanish horse.
jeopardise:Put (someone or something) into a situation in which there is a danger of loss, harm, or failure.
jeopardised:Put (someone or something) into a situation in which there is a danger of loss, harm, or failure.
jeopardises:Put (someone or something) into a situation in which there is a danger of loss, harm, or failure.
jeopardising:Put (someone or something) into a situation in which there is a danger of loss, harm, or failure.
jeopardy:Danger of loss, harm, or failure.
jerboas:A desert-dwelling rodent with very long hind legs that enable it to walk upright and perform long jumps, found from North Africa to central Asia.
jeremiah:(c.650–c.585 BC), a Hebrew prophet. He foresaw the fall of Assyria, the conquest of his country by Egypt and Babylon, and the destruction of Jerusalem. The biblical Lamentations are traditionally ascribed to Jeremiah.
jericho:A town in Palestine, on the West Bank, north of the Dead Sea. According to the Bible, Jericho was a Canaanite city destroyed by the Israelites after they crossed the River Jordan into the Promised Land. Occupied by the Israelis since the Six Day War of 1967, it was the first area given partial autonomy under the PLO–Israeli peace accord in 1994.
jerk:Move or cause to move with a jerk.
jerked:(of meat or fish) seasoned or marinated in a blend of chili, allspice, and other ingredients and barbecued over a wood fire.
jerkier:Characterized by abrupt stops and starts.
jerkiest:Characterized by abrupt stops and starts.
jerkin:A sleeveless jacket.
jerking:Move or cause to move with a jerk.
jerkins:A sleeveless jacket.
jerks:Move or cause to move with a jerk.
jerky:Characterized by abrupt stops and starts.
jersey:A knitted garment with long sleeves, worn over the upper body.
jerseys:A knitted garment with long sleeves, worn over the upper body.
jest:A thing said or done for amusement; a joke.
jested:Speak in a joking way.
jester:A professional joker or “fool” at a medieval court, typically wearing a cap with bells on it and carrying a mock scepter.
jesters:A professional joker or ‘fool’ at a medieval court, typically wearing a cap with bells on it and carrying a mock sceptre.
jesting:The action of saying or doing something for amusement.
jests:Speak in a joking way.
jesuit:A member of the Society of Jesus, a Roman Catholic order of priests founded by St. Ignatius Loyola, St. Francis Xavier, and others in 1534, to do missionary work. The order was zealous in opposing the Reformation. Despite periodic persecution it has retained an important influence in Catholic thought and education.
jesus:The central figure of the Christian religion. Jesus conducted a mission of preaching and healing (with reported miracles) in Palestine in about AD 28–30, which is described in the Gospels. His followers considered him to be the Christ or Messiah and the Son of God, and belief in his resurrection from the dead is the central tenet of Christianity.
jet:A rapid stream of liquid or gas forced out of a small opening.
jets:Spurt out in jets.
jetsam:Unwanted material or goods that have been thrown overboard from a ship and washed ashore, especially material that has been discarded to lighten the vessel.
jetsetting:Characteristic of or denoting a wealthy and fashionable person who travels widely and frequently for pleasure.
jetted:Spurt out in jets.
jetties:A landing stage or small pier at which boats can dock or be moored.
jetting:Spurt out in jets.
jettison:Throw or drop (something) from an aircraft or ship.
jettisoned:Throw or drop (something) from an aircraft or ship.
jettisoning:Throw or drop (something) from an aircraft or ship.
jetty:A landing stage or small pier at which boats can dock or be moored.
jew:Bargain with someone in a miserly or petty way.
jewel:A precious stone, typically a single crystal or piece of a hard lustrous or translucent mineral cut into shape with flat facets or smoothed and polished for use as an ornament.
jewelled:Adorned, set with, or made from jewels.
jeweller:A person or company that makes or sells jewels or jewellery.
jewellers:A person or company that makes or sells jewels or jewellery.
jewellery:Personal ornaments, such as necklaces, rings, or bracelets, that are typically made from or contain jewels and precious metal.
jewelry:Personal ornaments, such as necklaces, rings, or bracelets, that are typically made from or contain jewels and precious metal.
jewels:A precious stone, typically a single crystal or piece of a hard lustrous or translucent mineral cut into shape with flat facets or smoothed and polished for use as an ornament.
jewess:A Jewish woman or girl.
jewish:Relating to, associated with, or denoting Jewish people or Judaism.
jews:A member of the people and cultural community whose traditional religion is Judaism and who trace their origins through the ancient Hebrew people of Israel to Abraham.
jezebel:(fl. 9th century BC), a Phoenician princess, traditionally the great-aunt of Dido and in the Bible the wife of Ahab king of Israel. She was denounced by Elijah for introducing the worship of Baal into Israel (1 Kings 16:31, 21:5–15, 2 Kings 9:30–7). Her use of make-up was especially condemned by Puritan England.
jiffy:A moment.
jiggle:Move about lightly and quickly from side to side or up and down.
jiggling:Move about quickly from side to side or up and down.
jigs:Dance a jig.
jigsaw:A puzzle consisting of a picture printed on cardboard or wood and cut into various pieces of different shapes that have to be fitted together.A mystery that can only be resolved by assembling various pieces of information.
jigsaws:A puzzle consisting of a picture printed on cardboard or wood and cut into various pieces of different shapes that have to be fitted together.A mystery that can only be resolved by assembling various pieces of information.
jihad:A struggle or fight against the enemies of Islam.
jilt:Suddenly reject or abandon (a lover)
jilted:Suddenly reject or abandon (a lover)
jilting:Suddenly reject or abandon (a lover)
jilts:Suddenly reject or abandon (a lover)
jimmy:Force open (a window or door) with a jimmy.
jingle:Make or cause to make a light metallic ringing sound.
jingled:Make or cause to make a light metallic ringing sound.
jingles:Make or cause to make a light metallic ringing sound.
jingling:Make or cause to make a light metallic ringing sound.
jingo:A vociferous supporter of policy favoring war, especially in the name of patriotism.
jingoism:Extreme patriotism, especially in the form of aggressive or warlike foreign policy.
jingoistic:Characterized by extreme patriotism, especially in the form of aggressive or warlike foreign policy.
jinked:Change direction suddenly and nimbly, as when dodging a pursuer.
jinks:Change direction suddenly and nimbly, as when dodging a pursuer.
jinx:Bring bad luck to; cast an evil spell on.
jinxed:Bring bad luck to; cast an evil spell on.
jinxes:Bring bad luck to; cast an evil spell on.
jitter:Feelings of extreme nervousness.
jitters:Act nervously.
jittery:Nervous or unable to relax.
jive:Perform the jive or a similar dance to popular music.
jived:Perform the jive or a similar dance to popular music.
jives:Perform the jive or a similar dance to popular music.
job:Do casual or occasional work.
jobbing:Employed to do occasional pieces of work, rather than on a regular or permanent basis.
jobless:Unemployed.
joblessness:The state of being unemployed.
jobs:Do casual or occasional work.
jock:A disc jockey.
jockey:A person who rides in horse races, especially as a profession.
jockeying:Struggle by every available means to gain or achieve something.
jockeys:Struggle by every available means to gain or achieve something.
jocular:Fond of or characterized by joking; humorous or playful.
joey:A young kangaroo or other marsupial.
jog:Run at a steady gentle pace, especially on a regular basis as a form of physical exercise.
jogged:Run at a steady gentle pace, especially on a regular basis as a form of physical exercise.
jogger:A person who jogs as a form of physical exercise.
joggers:A person who jogs as a form of physical exercise.
jogging:The activity of running at a steady, gentle pace as a form of physical exercise.
jogs:Run at a steady gentle pace, especially on a regular basis as a form of physical exercise.
john:A toilet.
join:Link; connect.
joined:Link; connect.
joiner:A person who constructs the wooden components of a building, such as stairs, doors, and door and window frames.
joiners:A person who constructs the wooden components of a building, such as stairs, doors, and door and window frames.
joinery:The wooden components of a building, such as stairs, doors, and door and window frames, viewed collectively.
joining:Link; connect.
joins:Link; connect.
joint:Provide or fasten (something) with joints.
jointed:Having a joint or joints.
jointing:The action of providing with, connecting by, or preparing for a joint.
jointly:With another person or people; together.
joints:Provide or fasten (something) with joints.
jointures:An estate settled on a wife for the period during which she survives her husband, in lien of a dower.
joist:A length of timber or steel supporting part of the structure of a building, typically arranged in parallel series to support a floor or ceiling.
joists:A length of timber or steel supporting part of the structure of a building, typically arranged in parallel series to support a floor or ceiling.
joke:A thing that someone says to cause amusement or laughter, especially a story with a funny punchline.
joked:Make jokes; talk humorously or flippantly.
joker:A person who is fond of joking.
jokers:A person who is fond of joking.
jokes:Make jokes; talk humorously or flippantly.
jokey:Not serious; teasing or humorous.
jokier:Not serious; teasing or humorous.
jokily:In a teasing or humorous manner.
joking:Humorous or flippant.
jokingly:In a humorous or flippant manner.
jollier:Encourage (someone) in a friendly way.
jolliest:Encourage (someone) in a friendly way.
jollity:Lively and cheerful activity or celebration.
jolly:Encourage (someone) in a friendly way.
jolt:Push or shake (someone or something) abruptly and roughly.
jolted:Push or shake (someone or something) abruptly and roughly.
jolting:Push or shake (someone or something) abruptly and roughly.
jolts:Push or shake (someone or something) abruptly and roughly.
jonah:(in the Bible) a Hebrew minor prophet. He was called by God to preach in Nineveh, but disobeyed and attempted to escape by sea; in a storm he was thrown overboard as a bringer of bad luck and swallowed by a great fish, only to be saved and finally succeed in his mission.
jonathan:(in the Bible) a son of Saul, noted for his friendship with David and killed at the battle of Mount Gilboa.
joseph:(in the Bible) a Hebrew patriarch, son of Jacob and oldest son of Rachel. He was given a coat of many colors by his father, but was then sold by his jealous brothers into captivity in Egypt, where he attained high office.
joshua:(fl.c.13th century BC), the Israelite leader who succeeded Moses and led his people into the Promised Land.
jostle:Push, elbow, or bump against (someone) roughly, typically in a crowd.
jostled:Push, elbow, or bump against (someone) roughly, typically in a crowd.
jostles:Push, elbow, or bump against (someone) roughly, typically in a crowd.
jostling:Push, elbow, or bump against (someone) roughly, typically in a crowd.
jot:Write (something) quickly.
jots:Write (something) quickly.
jotted:Write (something) quickly.
jotter:A small pad or notebook used for notes or jottings.
jotting:A brief note.
jottings:A brief note.
joule:The SI unit of work or energy, equal to the work done by a force of one newton when its point of application moves one meter in the direction of action of the force, equivalent to one 3600th of a watt-hour.
joules:The SI unit of work or energy, equal to the work done by a force of one newton when its point of application moves one metre in the direction of action of the force, equivalent to one 3600th of a watt-hour.
journal:A newspaper or magazine that deals with a particular subject or professional activity.
journalese:A hackneyed style of writing supposedly characteristic of that in newspapers and magazines.
journalism:The activity or profession of writing for newspapers, magazines, or news websites or preparing news to be broadcast.
journalist:A person who writes for newspapers, magazines, or news websites or prepares news to be broadcast.
journalistic:Relating to journalists or journalism.
journalists:A person who writes for newspapers, magazines, or news websites or prepares news to be broadcast.
journals:Write in a journal or diary.
journey:Travel somewhere.
journeyed:Travel somewhere.
journeying:Travel somewhere.
journeyman:A worker or sports player who is reliable but not outstanding.
journeys:Travel somewhere.
joust:(of a medieval knight) engage in a sports contest in which two opponents on horseback fight with lances.
jousting:A medieval sports contest in which two opponents on horseback, typically knights, fight with lances.
jousts:(of a medieval knight) engage in a sporting contest in which two opponents on horseback fight with lances.
jovial:Cheerful and friendly.
jovian:A hypothetical or fictional inhabitant of the planet Jupiter.
jowl:The lower part of a person's or animal's cheek, especially when it is fleshy or drooping.
jowls:The lower part of a person's or animal's cheek, especially when it is fleshy or drooping.
joy:A feeling of great pleasure and happiness.
joyed:Rejoice.
joyful:Feeling, expressing, or causing great pleasure and happiness.
joyfully:With great pleasure and happiness.
joyless:Not giving or feeling any pleasure or satisfaction; grim or dismal.
joyous:Full of happiness and joy.
joyously:With great happiness and joy.
joyride:A ride for enjoyment in a vehicle or aircraft.
joyriding:The action or practice of driving fast and dangerously in a stolen car for enjoyment.
joys:Rejoice.
joystick:The control column of an aircraft.
joysticks:The control column of an aircraft.
jubilant:Feeling or expressing great happiness and triumph.
jubilate:Show great happiness; rejoice.
jubilation:A feeling of great happiness and triumph.
jubilee:A special anniversary of an event, especially one celebrating twenty-five or fifty years of a reign or activity.
jubilees:A special anniversary of an event, especially one celebrating twenty-five or fifty years of a reign or activity.
judaic:Relating to Judaism or the ancient Jews.
judaism:The monotheistic religion of the Jewish people.
judas:A peephole in a door.
judder:(especially of something mechanical) shake and vibrate rapidly and with force.
juddered:(especially of something mechanical) shake and vibrate rapidly and with force.
juddering:(especially of something mechanical) shake and vibrate rapidly and with force.
judders:(especially of something mechanical) shake and vibrate rapidly and with force.
judge:Form an opinion or conclusion about.
judged:Form an opinion or conclusion about.
judgement:The ability to make considered decisions or come to sensible conclusions.
judgemental:Of or concerning the use of judgement.
judgements:The ability to make considered decisions or come to sensible conclusions.
judges:The seventh book of the Bible, describing the conquest of Canaan under the leaders called “judges” in an account that is parallel to that of the Book of Joshua. The book includes the stories of Deborah, Gideon, Jephthah, and Samson.
judging:Form an opinion or conclusion about.
judgment:The ability to make considered decisions or come to sensible conclusions.
judgmental:Of or concerning the use of judgment.
judgments:The ability to make considered decisions or come to sensible conclusions.
judicature:The administration of justice.
judicial:Of, by, or appropriate to a court or judge.
judiciaries:The judicial authorities of a country; judges collectively.
judiciary:The judicial authorities of a country; judges collectively.
judicious:Having, showing, or done with good judgment or sense.
judiciously:With good judgment or sense.
judo:A sport of unarmed combat derived from jujitsu and intended to train the body and mind. It involves using holds and leverage to unbalance the opponent.
jug:Stew or boil (a hare or rabbit) in a covered container.
jugged:(of a hare or rabbit) stewed or boiled in a covered container.
juggernaut:A huge, powerful, and overwhelming force or institution.
juggernauts:A huge, powerful, and overwhelming force.
juggle:Continuously toss into the air and catch (a number of objects) so as to keep at least one in the air while handling the others, typically for the entertainment of others.
juggled:Continuously toss into the air and catch (a number of objects) so as to keep at least one in the air while handling the others.
juggler:An entertainer who continuously tosses into the air and catches a number of objects so as to keep at least one in the air while handling the others.
jugglers:An entertainer who continuously tosses into the air and catches a number of objects so as to keep at least one in the air while handling the others.
juggles:Continuously toss into the air and catch (a number of objects) so as to keep at least one in the air while handling the others.
juggling:Continuously toss into the air and catch (a number of objects) so as to keep at least one in the air while handling the others.
jugs:Stew or boil (a hare or rabbit) in a covered container.
jugular:Of the neck or throat.
juice:Extract the juice from (fruit or vegetables)
juices:Extract the juice from (fruit or vegetables)
juicier:(of food) full of juice; succulent.
juiciest:(of food) full of juice; succulent.
juicy:(of food) full of juice; succulent.
jukebox:A machine that automatically plays a selected musical recording when a coin is inserted.
jukeboxes:A machine that automatically plays a selected musical recording when a coin is inserted.
julep:A sweet flavored drink made from a sugar syrup, sometimes containing alcohol or medication.
juleps:A sweet flavoured drink made from a sugar syrup, sometimes containing alcohol or medication.
july:The seventh month of the year, in the northern hemisphere usually considered the second month of summer.
jumble:Mix up in a confused or untidy way.
jumbled:Mix up in a confused or untidy way.
jumbles:Mix up in a confused or untidy way.
jumbo:A very large person or thing.
jump:Push oneself off a surface and into the air by using the muscles in one's legs and feet.
jumped:Push oneself off a surface and into the air by using the muscles in one's legs and feet.
jumper:A collarless sleeveless dress, typically worn over a blouse.
jumpers:A knitted garment typically with long sleeves, worn over the upper body.
jumpier:(of a person) anxious and uneasy.
jumpiest:(of a person) anxious and uneasy.
jumping:Push oneself off a surface and into the air by using the muscles in one's legs and feet.
jumps:Push oneself off a surface and into the air by using the muscles in one's legs and feet.
jumpsuit:A garment incorporating trousers and a sleeved top in one piece, worn as a fashion item, protective garment, or uniform.
jumpy:(of a person) anxious and uneasy.
junction:A point where two or more things are joined.
junctions:A point where two or more things are joined.
juncture:A particular point in events or time.
june:The sixth month of the year, in the northern hemisphere usually considered the first month of summer.
jungle:An area of land overgrown with dense forest and tangled vegetation, typically in the tropics.
jungles:An area of land overgrown with dense forest and tangled vegetation, typically in the tropics.
junior:A person who is a specified number of years younger than someone else.
juniors:A person who is a specified number of years younger than someone else.
juniper:An evergreen shrub or small tree that bears berrylike cones, widely distributed throughout Eurasia and North America. Many kinds have aromatic cones or foliage.
junk:Discard or abandon unceremoniously.
junker:An old car in poor condition.
junket:An extravagant trip or celebration, in particular one enjoyed by a government official at public expense.
junkie:A drug addict.
junkies:Useless or of little value.
junks:Discard or abandon unceremoniously.
junkyard:A place where scrap is collected before being recycled or discarded.
juno:The most important goddess of the Roman state, wife of Jupiter. She was originally an ancient Italian goddess.
junta:A military or political group that rules a country after taking power by force.
juntas:A military or political group that rules a country after taking power by force.
jupiter:The largest planet in the solar system, a gas giant which is the fifth in order from the sun and one of the brightest objects in the night sky.
jurassic:The second period of the Mesozoic era or the system of rocks deposited during it.
juridical:Relating to judicial proceedings and the administration of the law.
juries:Judge (an art or craft exhibition or exhibit)
jurisdiction:The official power to make legal decisions and judgments.
jurisdictional:Relating to the official power to make legal decisions and judgments.
jurisdictions:The official power to make legal decisions and judgements.
jurisprudence:The theory or philosophy of law.
jurist:An expert in or writer on law.
jurists:An expert in or writer on law.
juror:A member of a jury.
jurors:A member of a jury.
jury:Judge (an art or craft exhibition or exhibit)
juryman:A person serving on a jury.
jurymen:A person serving on a jury.
jussive:(of a form of a verb) expressing a command.
just:Exactly.
justice:Just behavior or treatment.
justices:Just behaviour or treatment.
justifiable:Able to be shown to be right or reasonable; defensible.
justifiably:With good reason.
justification:The action of showing something to be right or reasonable.
justificatory:Serving as proof or justification.
justified:Having, done for, or marked by a good or legitimate reason.
justifies:Show or prove to be right or reasonable.
justify:Show or prove to be right or reasonable.
justifying:Show or prove to be right or reasonable.
justly:According to what is morally right or fair; fairly.
jut:Extend out, over, or beyond the main body or line of something.
jute:Rough fiber made from the stems of a tropical Old World plant, used for making twine and rope or woven into sacking or matting.
juts:Extend out, over, or beyond the main body or line of something.
jutted:Extend out, over, or beyond the main body or line of something.
jutting:Extend out, over, or beyond the main body or line of something.
juvenile:A young person.
juveniles:A young person.
juxtapose:Place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.
juxtaposed:Place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.
juxtaposes:Place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.
juxtaposing:Place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.
juxtaposition:The fact of two things being seen or placed close together with contrasting effect.
juxtapositions:The fact of two things being seen or placed close together with contrasting effect.
kaftan:A man's long belted tunic, worn in countries of the Near East.
kaftans:A man's long belted tunic, worn in countries of the Near East.
kaiser:The German Emperor, the Emperor of Austria, or the head of the Holy Roman Empire.
kale:A hardy cabbage of a variety which produces erect stems with large leaves and no compact head.
kaleidoscope:A toy consisting of a tube containing mirrors and pieces of colored glass or paper, whose reflections produce changing patterns that are visible through an eyehole when the tube is rotated.
kaleidoscopic:Having complex patterns of colors; multicolored.
kamikaze:(in World War II) a Japanese aircraft loaded with explosives and making a deliberate suicidal crash on an enemy target.
kampala:The capital of Uganda, in the southern part of the country on the northern shores of Lake Victoria; population 1,533,600 (est. 2009). It replaced Entebbe as the capital when Uganda became independent in 1963.
kampong:A Malaysian enclosure or village.
kangaroo:A large plant-eating marsupial with a long powerful tail and strongly developed hind limbs that enable it to travel by leaping, found only in Australia and New Guinea.
kangaroos:A large plant-eating marsupial with a long powerful tail and strongly developed hindlimbs that enable it to travel by leaping, found only in Australia and New Guinea.
kaolin:A fine soft white clay, resulting from the natural decomposition of other clays or feldspar. It is used for making porcelain and china, as a filler in paper and textiles, and in medicinal absorbents.
karakul:A sheep of an Asian breed with a dark curled fleece when young.
karaoke:A form of entertainment, offered typically by bars and clubs, in which people take turns to sing popular songs into a microphone over prerecorded backing tracks.
karate:An Asian system of unarmed combat using the hands and feet to deliver and block blows, widely practiced as a sport. It was formalized in Okinawa in the 17th century and popularized via Japan after about 1920. Karate is performed barefoot in loose padded clothing, with a colored belt indicating the level of skill, and involves mental as well as physical training.
karma:(in Hinduism and Buddhism) the sum of a person's actions in this and previous states of existence, viewed as deciding their fate in future existences.
karst:Landscape underlain by limestone which has been eroded by dissolution, producing ridges, towers, fissures, sinkholes and other characteristic landforms.
katydid:A large, typically green, long-horned grasshopper native to North America. The male makes a characteristic sound that resembles the name.
kayak:A canoe of a type used originally by the Inuit, made of a light frame with a watertight covering having a small opening in the top to sit in.
kayaks:Travel in or use a kayak.
kebab:A dish of pieces of meat, fish, or vegetables roasted or grilled on a skewer or spit.
kebabs:A dish of pieces of meat, fish, or vegetables roasted or grilled on a skewer or spit.
kedgeree:A European dish consisting chiefly of fish, rice, and hard-boiled eggs.
keel:The longitudinal structure along the centerline at the bottom of a vessel's hull, on which the rest of the hull is built, in some vessels extended downward as a blade or ridge to increase stability.
keelhaul:Punish (someone) by dragging them through the water under the keel of a ship, either across the width or from bow to stern.
keeling:(of a boat or ship) turn over on its side; capsize.
keels:(of a boat or ship) turn over on its side; capsize.
keen:(of a sense) highly developed.
keener:A person who wails or sings in grief for a dead person.
keenest:Having or showing eagerness or enthusiasm.
keening:The action of wailing in grief for a dead person.
keenly:In an eager or enthusiastic manner.
keenness:The quality of being eager or enthusiastic; eagerness.
keep:Have or retain possession of.
keeper:A person who manages or looks after something or someone.
keepers:A person who manages or looks after something or someone.
keeping:The action of owning, maintaining, or protecting something.
keeps:Have or retain possession of.
keepsake:A small item kept in memory of the person who gave it or originally owned it.
keepsakes:A small item kept in memory of the person who gave it or originally owned it.
keg:A small barrel, especially one of less than 30 gallons or (in the UK) 10 gallons.
kegs:A small barrel, especially one of less than 10 gallons or (in the US) 30 gallons.
kelp:A large brown seaweed that typically has a long, tough stalk with a broad frond divided into strips. Some kinds grow to a very large size and form underwater “forests” that support a large population of animals.
kelpers:A native or inhabitant of the Falkland Islands.
kelt:A salmon or sea trout after spawning and before returning to the sea.
kelts:A salmon or sea trout after spawning and before returning to the sea.
kelvin:The SI base unit of thermodynamic temperature (equivalent in size to the degree Celsius), first introduced as the unit used in the Kelvin scale.
ken:Know.
kennedy:The name of a US family of Democratic politicians.
kennel:Put (a dog or cat) in a kennel.
kennelled:Put (a dog) in a kennel or kennels.
kennels:Put (a dog) in a kennel or kennels.
kent:A county on the southeastern coast of England; county town, Maidstone.
kentucky:A state in the southeastern US; population 4,269,245 (est. 2008); capital, Frankfort. Ceded by the French to the British in 1763, it became the 15th state of the US in 1792.
kenya:A country in East Africa, on the Indian Ocean; population 46,400,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Nairobi; languages, Swahili (official), English (official), and Kikuyu.
kenyan:A native or inhabitant of Kenya, or a person of Kenyan descent.
kept:Have or retain possession of.
keratin:A fibrous protein forming the main structural constituent of hair, feathers, hoofs, claws, horns, etc.
kerb:A stone edging to a pavement or raised path.
kerbs:A stone edging to a pavement or raised path.
kerbside:The side of a road or pavement that is nearer to the kerb.
kerchief:A piece of fabric used to cover the head, or worn tied around the neck.
kerned:Adjust the spacing between (characters) in a piece of text to be printed.
kernel:A softer, usually edible part of a nut, seed, or fruit stone contained within its hard shell.
kernels:A softer, usually edible part of a nut, seed, or fruit stone contained within its shell.
kerning:The spacing between letters or characters in a piece of text to be printed.
kerosene:A light fuel oil obtained by distilling petroleum, used especially in jet engines and domestic heaters and lamps and as a cleaning solvent.
kestrel:A small falcon that hovers with rapidly beating wings while searching for prey on the ground.
kestrels:A small falcon that hovers with rapidly beating wings while searching for prey on the ground.
ketch:A two-masted, fore-and-aft-rigged sailboat with a mizzenmast stepped forward of the rudder and smaller than the foremast.
ketchup:A smooth sauce made chiefly from tomatoes and vinegar, used as a condiment.
kettle:(of the police) confine (a group of demonstrators or protesters) to a small area, as a method of crowd control during a demonstration.
kettles:(of the police) confine (a group of demonstrators or protesters) to a small area, as a method of crowd control during a demonstration.
key:Enter or operate on (data) by means of a computer keyboard or telephone keypad.
keyboard:Enter (data) by means of a keyboard.
keyboardist:A person who plays an electronic keyboard.
keyboards:Enter (data) by means of a keyboard.
keyed:(of a locking mechanism or switch) operated by a key.
keyhole:A hole in a lock into which the key is inserted.
keyholes:A hole in a lock into which the key is inserted.
keying:Enter or operate on (data) by means of a computer keyboard or telephone keypad.
keynote:A prevailing tone or central theme, typically one set or introduced at the start of a conference.
keynotes:A prevailing tone or central theme.
keypad:A miniature keyboard or set of buttons for operating a portable electronic device, telephone, or other equipment.
keypads:A miniature keyboard or set of buttons for operating a portable electronic device, telephone, or other equipment.
keys:Enter or operate on (data) by means of a computer keyboard or telephone keypad.
keystone:A central stone at the summit of an arch, locking the whole together.
keystones:A central stone at the summit of an arch, locking the whole together.
keystroke:A single depression of a key on a keyboard, especially as a measure of work.
keystrokes:A single depression of a key on a keyboard, especially as a measure of work.
keyword:A word or concept of great significance.
keywords:A word or concept of great significance.
khaki:A textile fabric of a dull brownish-yellow color, in particular a strong cotton fabric used in military clothing.
khan:A title given to rulers and officials in central Asia, Afghanistan, and certain other Muslim countries.
khans:A title given to rulers and officials in central Asia, Afghanistan, and certain other Muslim countries.
khoikhoi:A member of a group of indigenous peoples of South Africa and Namibia, traditionally nomadic hunter-gatherers, including the Nama people and the ancestors of the Griquas.
khoisan:A collective term for the Khoikhoi (Hottentot) and San (Bushmen) peoples of southern Africa.
kibbutz:A communal settlement in Israel, typically a farm.
kick:Strike or propel forcibly with the foot.
kickback:A sudden forceful recoil.
kicked:Strike or propel forcibly with the foot.
kicker:A person or animal that kicks.
kicking:A punishment or assault in which the victim is kicked repeatedly.
kicks:Strike or propel forcibly with the foot.
kid:A child or young person.
kidded:(of a goat) give birth.
kiddie:A young child.
kidding:Playfulness or teasing.
kidnap:Take (someone) away illegally by force, typically to obtain a ransom.
kidnapped:Abduct (someone) and hold them captive, typically to obtain a ransom.
kidnapper:A person who abducts someone and holds them captive, typically to obtain a ransom.
kidnappers:A person who abducts someone and holds them captive, typically to obtain a ransom.
kidnapping:The action of abducting someone and holding them captive.
kidnappings:The action of abducting someone and holding them captive.
kidnaps:Abduct (someone) and hold them captive, typically to obtain a ransom.
kidney:Each of a pair of organs in the abdominal cavity of mammals, birds, and reptiles, excreting urine.
kidneys:Each of a pair of organs in the abdominal cavity of mammals, birds, and reptiles, that excrete urine.
kids:(of a goat) give birth.
kiev:The capital of Ukraine, an industrial city and port on the Dnieper River; population 2,765,500 (est. 2009). Founded in the 8th century, it became capital of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic in 1934 and of independent Ukraine in 1991.
kill:Cause the death of (a person, animal, or other living thing)
killed:Cause the death of (a person, animal, or other living thing)
killer:A person or thing that kills.
killers:A person or thing that kills.
killing:An act of causing death, especially deliberately.
killings:An act of causing death, especially deliberately.
killjoy:A person who deliberately spoils the enjoyment of others through resentful or overly sober behavior.
killjoys:A person who deliberately spoils the enjoyment of others.
kills:Cause the death of (a person, animal, or other living thing)
kiln:Burn, bake, or dry in a kiln.
kilns:A furnace or oven for burning, baking, or drying, especially one for calcining lime or firing pottery.
kilo:A kilogram.
kilobits:Kilobase(s).
kilobyte:A unit of memory or data equal to 1,024 (2¹⁰) bytes.
kilobytes:A unit of memory or data equal to 1,024 bytes.
kilohertz:A measure of frequency equivalent to 1,000 cycles per second.
kilojoules:1,000 joules, especially as a measure of the energy value of foods.
kilometre:A metric unit of length equal to 1,000 metres (approximately 0.62 miles).
kilometres:A metric unit of length equal to 1,000 metres (approximately 0.62 miles).
kiloton:A unit of explosive power equivalent to 1,000 tons of TNT.
kilotons:A unit of explosive power equivalent to 1,000 tons of TNT.
kilovolt:1,000 volts.
kilowatt:A measure of 1,000 watts of electrical power.
kilowatts:A measure of one thousand watts of electrical power.
kilt:Gather (a garment or material) in vertical pleats.
kilted:Wearing a kilt.
kilts:Gather (a garment or material) in vertical pleats.
kimono:A long, loose robe with wide sleeves and tied with a sash, originally worn as a formal garment in Japan and now also used elsewhere as a robe.
kin:One's family and relations.
kina:The basic monetary unit of Papua New Guinea, equal to 100 toea.
kinase:An enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of a phosphate group from ATP to a specified molecule.
kind:A group of people or things having similar characteristics.
kindergarten:A school or class that prepares children for first grade. A child in kindergarten is typically 5 or 6 years old.
kindergartens:(in Britain and Australia) an establishment where children below the age of compulsory education play and learn; a nursery school.
kindest:A group of people or things having similar characteristics.
kindhearted:Having a kind and sympathetic nature.
kindle:Light or set on fire.
kindled:Set (something) on fire.
kindles:Set (something) on fire.
kindlier:In a kind manner.
kindliest:In a kind manner.
kindliness:The quality of being kind, warmhearted, or gentle; kindness.
kindling:Easily combustible small sticks or twigs used for starting a fire.
kindly:In a kind manner.
kindness:The quality of being friendly, generous, and considerate.
kindred:One's family and relations.
kinds:A group of people or things having similar characteristics.
kinematics:The branch of mechanics concerned with the motion of objects without reference to the forces which cause the motion.
kinetic:Relating to or resulting from motion.
kinetics:The branch of chemistry or biochemistry concerned with measuring and studying the rates of reactions.
kinfolk:(in anthropological or formal use) a person's blood relations, regarded collectively.
king:Make (someone) king.
kingdom:A country, state, or territory ruled by a king or queen.
kingdoms:A country, state, or territory ruled by a king or queen.
kingfisher:An often brightly colored bird with a large head and long sharp beak, typically diving for fish from a perch. Many of the tropical kinds live in forests and feed on terrestrial prey such as insects and lizards.
kingfishers:An often brightly coloured bird with a large head and long sharp beak, typically diving for fish from a perch. Many of the tropical kinds live in forests and feed on terrestrial prey such as insects and lizards.
kingly:Associated with or typical of a king; regal.
kingpin:A main or large bolt in a central position.
kings:The name of two books of the Bible, recording the history of Israel from the accession of Solomon to the destruction of the Temple in 586 BC.
kingship:The state or position of being a king.
kingsize:(especially of a commercial product) of a larger size than the standard; very large.
kink:Form or cause to form a sharp twist or curve.
kinked:Form or cause to form a sharp twist or curve.
kinks:Form or cause to form a sharp twist or curve.
kinky:Involving or given to unusual sexual behavior.
kinsfolk:(in anthropological or formal use) a person's blood relations, regarded collectively.
kinshasa:The capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo (formerly Zaire), a port on the Congo River, in the southwestern part of the country; population 7,273,900 (est. 2004). Founded in 1881 by explorer Sir Henry Morton Stanley, it became capital of the Republic of Zaire in 1960.
kinship:Blood relationship.
kinsman:(in anthropological or formal use) a man who is one of a person's blood relations.
kinsmen:(in anthropological or formal use) a man who is one of a person's blood relations.
kinswoman:(in anthropological or formal use) a woman who is one of a person's blood relations.
kiosk:A small open-fronted hut or cubicle from which newspapers, refreshments, tickets, etc., are sold.
kiosks:A small open-fronted hut or cubicle from which newspapers, refreshments, tickets, etc. are sold.
kipper:Cure (a herring or other fish) by splitting it open and salting and drying it in the open air or in smoke.
kippers:Cure (a herring or other fish) by splitting it open and salting and drying it in the open air or in smoke.
kirk:A church.
kismet:Destiny; fate.
kiss:Touch with the lips as a sign of love, sexual desire, reverence, or greeting.
kissed:Touch or caress with the lips as a sign of love, sexual desire, or greeting.
kisser:A person who kisses someone.
kisses:Touch or caress with the lips as a sign of love, sexual desire, or greeting.
kissing:Touch or caress with the lips as a sign of love, sexual desire, or greeting.
kit:Provide someone or something with the appropriate clothing or equipment.
kitbag:A long, cylindrical canvas bag, used especially for carrying a soldier's clothes and personal possessions.
kitbags:A long, cylindrical canvas bag, used especially for carrying a soldier's clothes and personal possessions.
kitchen:A room or area where food is prepared and cooked.
kitchenette:A small kitchen or part of a room equipped as a kitchen.
kitchens:A room or area where food is prepared and cooked.
kitchenware:The utensils used in a kitchen.
kite:Fly a kite.
kites:Fly a kite.
kith:One's friends, acquaintances, and relations.
kits:Provide someone or something with the appropriate clothing or equipment.
kitsch:Art, objects, or design considered to be in poor taste because of excessive garishness or sentimentality, but sometimes appreciated in an ironic or knowing way.
kitted:Provide someone or something with the appropriate clothing or equipment.
kitten:A young cat.
kittenish:Playful, lively, or flirtatious.
kittens:(of a cat or certain other animals) give birth.
kitting:Provide someone or something with the appropriate clothing or equipment.
kittiwakes:A small gull that nests in colonies on sea cliffs, having a loud call that resembles its name.
kitty:A fund of money for communal use, made up of contributions from a group of people.
kiwi:A flightless New Zealand bird with hairlike feathers, having a long down-curved bill with sensitive nostrils at the tip.
kiwis:A flightless New Zealand bird with hairlike feathers, having a long downcurved bill with sensitive nostrils at the tip.
klaxon:An electric horn or a similar loud warning device.
klaxons:An electric horn or warning hooter.
kleptomania:A recurrent urge to steal, typically without regard for need or profit.
klick:A kilometer.
kloof:(in South Africa) a steep-sided, wooded ravine or valley.
knack:An acquired or natural skill at performing a task.
knacker:Tire (someone) out.
knackers:Tire (someone) out.
knacks:An acquired or natural skill at doing something.
knapsack:A bag with shoulder straps, carried on the back, and typically made of canvas or other weatherproof material.
knapsacks:A soldier's or hiker's bag with shoulder straps, carried on the back, and typically made of canvas or other weatherproof material.
knave:A dishonest or unscrupulous man.
knaves:A dishonest or unscrupulous man.
knavish:Dishonest or unscrupulous.
knead:Work (moistened flour or clay) into dough or paste with the hands.
kneaded:Work (moistened flour or clay) into dough or paste with the hands.
kneading:Work (moistened flour or clay) into dough or paste with the hands.
kneads:Work (moistened flour or clay) into dough or paste with the hands.
knee:Hit (someone) with one's knee.
kneecap:Shoot (someone) in the knee or leg as a form of punishment.
kneecaps:Shoot (someone) in the knee or leg as a form of punishment.
kneed:Hit (someone) with one's knee.
kneel:Be in or assume a position in which the body is supported by a knee or the knees, as when praying or showing submission.
kneeled:Be in or assume a position in which the body is supported by a knee or the knees, as when praying or showing submission.
kneeler:A person who kneels, especially in prayer.
kneeling:Be in or assume a position in which the body is supported by a knee or the knees, as when praying or showing submission.
kneels:Be in or assume a position in which the body is supported by a knee or the knees, as when praying or showing submission.
knees:Hit (someone) with one's knee.
knell:The sound of a bell, especially when rung solemnly for a death or funeral.
knelt:Be in or assume a position in which the body is supported by a knee or the knees, as when praying or showing submission.
knesset:The parliament of modern Israel, established in 1949. It consists of 120 members elected every four years.
knew:Be aware of through observation, inquiry, or information.
knickers:Loose-fitting trousers gathered at the knee or calf.
knife:Stab (someone) with a knife.
knifed:Stab (someone) with a knife.
knifepoint:Used in reference to the use of a knife to threaten someone.
knifes:Stab (someone) with a knife.
knifing:Stab (someone) with a knife.
knight:Invest (someone) with the title of knight.
knighted:Invest (someone) with the title of knight.
knighthood:The title, rank, or status of a knight.
knighthoods:The title, rank, or status of a knight.
knightly:Associated with or typical of a knight; chivalrous.
knights:Invest (someone) with the title of knight.
knit:Make (a garment, blanket, etc.) by interlocking loops of wool or other yarn with knitting needles or on a machine.
knits:Make (a garment, blanket, etc.) by interlocking loops of wool or other yarn with knitting needles or on a machine.
knitted:Make (a garment, blanket, etc.) by interlocking loops of wool or other yarn with knitting needles or on a machine.
knitting:The craft or action of knitting.
knitwear:Knitted garments.
knives:Stab (someone) with a knife.
knob:A rounded lump or ball, especially at the end or on the surface of something.
knobbly:Having lumps which give a misshapen appearance.
knobs:(of a man) have sex with (someone).
knock:Strike a surface noisily to attract attention, especially when waiting to be let in through a door.
knocked:Strike a surface noisily to attract attention, especially when waiting to be let in through a door.
knocker:short for door knocker
knockers:A metal or wooden object hinged to a door and rapped by visitors to attract attention and gain entry.
knocking:Strike a surface noisily to attract attention, especially when waiting to be let in through a door.
knockout:An act of knocking someone out, especially in boxing.
knocks:Strike a surface noisily to attract attention, especially when waiting to be let in through a door.
knoll:A small hill or mound.
knolls:A small hill or mound.
knot:Fasten with a knot.
knots:Fasten with a knot.
knotted:Fastened with or having a knot or knots.
knottier:Full of knots.
knottiest:Full of knots.
knotting:The action or craft of tying knots in yarn or string to make carpets or other decorative items.
knotty:Full of knots.
know:Be aware of through observation, inquiry, or information.
knowable:Able to be observed, understood, or ascertained.
knowhow:Practical knowledge or skill; expertise.
knowing:The state of being aware or informed.
knowingly:In a way that suggests one has secret knowledge or awareness.
knowledge:Facts, information, and skills acquired by a person through experience or education; the theoretical or practical understanding of a subject.
knowledgeable:Intelligent and well informed.
known:past participle of know
knows:Be aware of through observation, inquiry, or information.
knuckle:Rub or press (something, especially the eyes) with the knuckles.
knuckled:Rub or press (something, especially the eyes) with the knuckles.
knuckleduster:A metal guard worn over the knuckles in fighting to increase the effect of blows.
knuckledusters:A metal guard worn over the knuckles in fighting to increase the effect of blows.
knuckles:Rub or press (something, especially the eyes) with the knuckles.
knuckling:Rub or press (something, especially the eyes) with the knuckles.
koala:A bearlike arboreal Australian marsupial that has thick gray fur and feeds on eucalyptus leaves.
koalas:A bearlike arboreal Australian marsupial that has thick grey fur and feeds on eucalyptus leaves.
kongo:A member of an indigenous people inhabiting the region of the Congo River in west central Africa.
kookaburra:A very large Australasian kingfisher that feeds on terrestrial prey such as reptiles and birds.
koran:The Islamic sacred book, believed to be the word of God as dictated to Muhammad by the archangel Gabriel and written down in Arabic. The Koran consists of 114 units of varying lengths, known as suras; the first sura is said as part of the ritual prayer. These touch upon all aspects of human existence, including matters of doctrine, social organization, and legislation.
korea:A region in eastern Asia that forms a peninsula between the Sea of Japan (East Sea) and the Yellow Sea, now divided into the countries of North Korea and South Korea.
korean:A native or inhabitant of North or South Korea, or a person of Korean descent.
koreans:A native or inhabitant of North or South Korea, or a person of Korean descent.
kosher:Prepare (food) according to the requirements of Jewish law.
kraal:Drive (cattle or sheep) into an enclosure.
kraals:Drive (cattle or sheep) into an enclosure.
kraft:A kind of strong, smooth brown wrapping paper.
kremlin:A citadel within a Russian town.
kriegspiel:A war game in which blocks representing armies or other military units are moved about on maps.
krill:A small shrimplike planktonic crustacean of the open seas. It is eaten by a number of larger animals, notably the baleen whales.
krypton:The chemical element of atomic number 36, a member of the noble gas series. It is obtained by distillation of liquid air, and is used in some kinds of electric light.
kudu:An African antelope that has a grayish or brownish coat with white vertical stripes, and a short bushy tail. The male has long spirally curved horns.
kudus:An African antelope that has a greyish or brownish coat with white vertical stripes, and a short bushy tail. The male has long spirally curved horns.
kuwait:A country on the northwestern coast of the Persian Gulf; population 3,900,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Arabic; capital, Kuwait City.
kwacha:The basic monetary unit of Zambia and Malawi, equal to 100 ngwee in Zambia and 100 tambala in Malawi.
kwachas:The basic monetary unit of Zambia and Malawi, equal to 100 ngwee in Zambia and 100 tambala in Malawi.
laager:Form (vehicles) into a laager.
lab:A laboratory.
label:Attach a label to (something)
labelled:Attach a label to (something)
labelling:Attach a label to (something)
labels:Attach a label to (something)
labia:The inner and outer folds of the vulva, at either side of the vagina.
labial:A labial sound.
labials:A labial sound.
labile:Liable to change; easily altered.
labium:A fused mouthpart which forms the floor of the mouth of an insect.
laboratories:A room or building equipped for scientific experiments, research, or teaching, or for the manufacture of drugs or chemicals.
laboratory:A room or building equipped for scientific experiments, research, or teaching, or for the manufacture of drugs or chemicals.
laborious:(especially of a task, process, or journey) requiring considerable effort and time.
laboriously:In a way that takes considerable time and effort.
labour:Work hard; make great effort.
laboured:Done with great effort and difficulty.
labourer:A person doing unskilled manual work for wages.
labourers:A person doing unskilled manual work for wages.
labouring:Working at an unskilled manual occupation.
labours:Work hard; make great effort.
laboursaving:(of an appliance) designed to reduce the amount of work needed to do something.
labs:A laboratory.
laburnum:A small European tree that has hanging clusters of yellow flowers succeeded by slender pods containing poisonous seeds. The hard timber is sometimes used as an ebony substitute. Native to Central and Southern Europe, laburnums have been widely planted as ornamentals.
labyrinth:A complicated irregular network of passages or paths in which it is difficult to find one's way; a maze.
labyrinthine:(of a network) like a labyrinth; irregular and twisting.
labyrinths:A complicated irregular network of passages or paths in which it is difficult to find one's way; a maze.
lace:Fasten or tighten (a shoe or garment) by tying the laces.
laced:Trimmed or fitted with lace or laces.
lacerate:Tear or make deep cuts in (flesh or skin)
lacerated:(of flesh or skin) torn or deeply cut.
lacerating:Severely critical or hurtful.
laceration:A deep cut or tear in skin or flesh.
lacerations:A deep cut or tear in skin or flesh.
laces:Fasten or tighten (a shoe or garment) by tying the laces.
lacework:Lace fabric and other items made of lace viewed collectively.
laches:Unreasonable delay in making an assertion or claim, such as asserting a right, claiming a privilege, or making an application for redress, which may result in refusal.
lachrymal:A small bone forming part of the eye socket.
lachrymose:Tearful or given to weeping.
lacier:Made of, resembling, or trimmed with lace.
lacing:The laced fastening of a shoe or garment.
lacings:The laced fastening of a shoe or garment.
lack:Be without or deficient in.
lackadaisical:Lacking enthusiasm and determination; carelessly lazy.
lacked:Be without or deficient in.
lackey:Behave in a servile way toward (someone)
lackeys:Behave in a servile way towards (someone)
lacking:Not available or in short supply.
lacklustre:Lacking in vitality, force, or conviction; uninspired or uninspiring.
lacks:Be without or deficient in.
laconic:(of a person, speech, or style of writing) using very few words.
lacquer:Coat with lacquer.
lacquered:Coated with lacquer.
lacquers:Coat with lacquer.
lacrosse:A team game, originally played by North American Indians, in which the ball is thrown, caught, and carried with a long-handled stick having a curved L-shaped or triangular frame at one end with a piece of shallow netting in the angle.
lacs:A resinous substance secreted as a protective covering by the lac insect, used to make varnish, shellac, sealing wax, dyes, etc.
lactate:(of a female mammal) secrete milk.
lactation:The secretion of milk by the mammary glands.
lacteal:Of milk.
lactic:Relating to or obtained from milk.
lactose:A sugar present in milk. It is a disaccharide containing glucose and galactose units.
lacuna:An unfilled space or interval; a gap.
lacunae:An unfilled space; a gap.
lacunas:An unfilled space; a gap.
lacy:Made of, resembling, or trimmed with lace.
lad:A boy or young man (often as a form of address)
ladder:(with reference to tights or stockings) develop or cause to develop a run.
laddered:(of tights or stockings) having a run.
ladders:(with reference to tights or stockings) develop or cause to develop a ladder.
laddie:A boy or young man (often as a form of address)
laddies:A boy or young man (often as a form of address)
lade:Load (a ship or other vessel).
laden:Heavily loaded or weighed down.
ladies:A polite or formal way of referring to a woman.
lading:The action or process of loading a ship or other vessel with cargo.
ladle:Serve (soup, stew, or sauce) with a ladle.
ladled:Serve (soup, stew, or sauce) with a ladle.
ladles:Serve (soup, stew, or sauce) with a ladle.
ladling:Serve (soup, stew, or sauce) with a ladle.
lads:A boy or young man (often as a form of address)
lady:A woman (used as a polite or old-fashioned form of reference)
ladybird:A small beetle with a domed back, typically red or yellow with black spots; a ladybug.
ladybirds:A small beetle with a domed back, typically red or yellow with black spots. Both the adults and larvae are important predators of aphids.
ladybug:A small beetle with a domed back, typically red or yellow with black spots. Both the adults and larvae are important predators of aphids.
ladylike:Appropriate for or typical of a well-bred, decorous woman or girl.
ladyship:A respectful form of reference or address to a woman who has a title.
ladyships:A respectful form of reference or address to a woman who has a title.
lag:Fall behind in movement, progress, or development; not keep pace with another or others.
lager:A kind of beer, effervescent and light in color and body.
lagers:A kind of effervescent beer which is light in colour and body.
laggard:A person who makes slow progress and falls behind others.
laggards:A person who makes slow progress and falls behind others.
lagged:Showing a delayed effect.
lagging:Material providing heat insulation for a boiler, pipes, etc.
lagoon:A stretch of salt water separated from the sea by a low sandbank or coral reef.
lagoons:A stretch of salt water separated from the sea by a low sandbank or coral reef.
lagos:The chief city of Nigeria, a port on the Gulf of Guinea; population 7,439,300 (est. 2007). Originally a slave trade center, it became capital of the newly independent Nigeria in 1960, but was replaced by Abuja in 1991.
lags:Fail to keep up with another or others in movement or development.
laid:Put (something) down gently or carefully.
lain:(of a person or animal) be in or assume a horizontal or resting position on a supporting surface.
lair:A place where a wild animal, especially a fierce or dangerous one, lives.
laird:(in Scotland) a person who owns a large estate.
lairds:(in Scotland) a person who owns a large estate.
lairs:A place where a wild animal, especially a fierce or dangerous one, lives.
laity:Lay people, as distinct from the clergy.
lake:A large body of water surrounded by land.
lakes:A large area of water surrounded by land.
lakeside:The land adjacent to a lake.
lam:Hit (someone) hard.
lama:An honorific title applied to a spiritual leader in Tibetan Buddhism, whether a reincarnate lama (such as the Dalai Lama) or one who has earned the title in life.
lamas:An honorific title applied to a spiritual leader in Tibetan Buddhism, whether a reincarnate lama or one who has earned the title in life.
lamb:A young sheep.
lambasting:A harsh criticism.
lambda:The eleventh letter of the Greek alphabet (Λ, λ), transliterated as ‘l.’.
lambent:(of light or fire) glowing, gleaming, or flickering with a soft radiance.
lambing:The birth of lambs on a farm.
lambs:(of a ewe) give birth to lambs.
lambskin:Prepared skin from a lamb, either with the wool on or as leather.
lambswool:Fine wool from a young sheep, used to make knitted garments, blankets, etc., with a soft texture.
lame:Make (a person or animal) lame.
lamed:Make (a person or animal) lame.
lament:Mourn (a person's loss or death)
lamentable:(of circumstances or conditions) deplorably bad or unsatisfactory.
lamentation:The passionate expression of grief or sorrow; weeping.
lamentations:The passionate expression of grief or sorrow; weeping.
lamented:A conventional way of describing someone who has died or something that has been lost or that has ceased to exist.
lamenting:Express passionate grief about.
laments:Express passionate grief about.
lamest:Make (a person or animal) lame.
lamina:A thin layer, plate, or scale of sedimentary rock, organic tissue, or other material.
laminar:Consisting of laminae.
laminate:Overlay (a flat surface, especially paper) with a layer of plastic or some other protective material.
laminated:(of a flat surface, especially paper) overlaid with a layer of plastic or some other protective material.
laminates:Overlay (a flat surface, especially paper) with a layer of plastic or some other protective material.
lamp:A device for giving light, either one consisting of an electric bulb together with its holder and shade or cover, or one burning gas or a liquid fuel and consisting of a wick or mantle and a glass shade.
lamplight:The light cast from a lamp.
lamplighter:A person employed to light street gaslights by hand.
lamplit:Illuminated by light from a lamp or lamps.
lampoon:Publicly criticize (someone or something) by using ridicule, irony, or sarcasm.
lampooned:Publicly criticize (someone or something) by using ridicule, irony, or sarcasm.
lampooning:Publicly criticize (someone or something) by using ridicule, irony, or sarcasm.
lampoons:Publicly criticize (someone or something) by using ridicule, irony, or sarcasm.
lamppost:A tall pole with a light at the top; a street light.
lamprey:An eel-like aquatic jawless vertebrate that has a sucker mouth with horny teeth and a rasping tongue. The adult is often parasitic, attaching itself to other fish and sucking their blood.
lampreys:An eel-like aquatic jawless vertebrate that has a sucker mouth with horny teeth and a rasping tongue. The adult is often parasitic, attaching itself to other fish and sucking their blood.
lamps:Supply with lamps; illuminate.
lampshade:A cover for a lamp, used to soften or direct its light.
lampshades:A cover for a lamp, used to soften or direct its light.
lance:Prick or cut open with a lancet or other sharp instrument.
lanced:Prick or cut open (an abscess or boil) with a lancet or other sharp instrument.
lancelot:(in Arthurian legend) the most famous of Arthur's knights, lover of Queen Guinevere and father of Galahad.
lancer:A soldier of a cavalry regiment armed with lances.
lancers:A soldier of a cavalry regiment armed with lances.
lances:Prick or cut open (an abscess or boil) with a lancet or other sharp instrument.
lancet:A small, broad two-edged surgical knife or blade with a sharp point.
lancets:A small, broad two-edged surgical knife or blade with a sharp point.
lancing:Prick or cut open (an abscess or boil) with a lancet or other sharp instrument.
land:Put (someone or something) on land from a boat.
landed:Owning much land, especially through inheritance.
lander:A spacecraft designed to land on the surface of a planet or moon.
landfall:An arrival at land on a sea or air journey.
landfill:Bury in a landfill.
landform:A natural feature of the earth's surface.
landforms:A natural feature of the earth's surface.
landholders:A person who owns land, especially one who either makes their living from it or rents it out to others.
landholding:A piece of land owned or rented.
landholdings:A piece of land owned or rented.
landing:An instance of coming or bringing something to land, either from the air or from water.
landings:An instance of coming or bringing something to land, either from the air or from water.
landladies:A woman who rents out land, a building, or accommodation.
landlady:A woman who rents land, a building, or an apartment to a tenant.
landless:(especially of an agricultural worker) owning no land.
landlines:A conventional telecommunications connection by cable laid across land.
landlocked:(especially of a country) almost or entirely surrounded by land; having no coastline or seaport.
landlord:A person, especially a man, who rents land, a building, or an apartment to a tenant.
landlords:A man (in legal use also a woman) who rents out land, a building, or accommodation.
landman:An agent employed by an oil or gas company to secure leases of mineral rights and land for drilling.
landmark:An object or feature of a landscape or town that is easily seen and recognized from a distance, especially one that enables someone to establish their location.
landmarks:An object or feature of a landscape or town that is easily seen and recognized from a distance, especially one that enables someone to establish their location.
landmass:A continent or other large body of land.
landmine:An explosive mine laid on or just under the surface of the ground.
landowner:A person who owns land, especially a large amount of land.
landowners:A person who owns land, especially a large amount of land.
lands:Put (someone or something) on land from a boat.
landscape:Make (a piece of land) more attractive by altering the existing design, adding ornamental features, and planting trees and shrubs.
landscaped:(of a yard or other area of ground) laid out with plants, ornamental features, etc. by a landscaper.
landscapes:Make (a garden or other area of ground) more attractive by altering the existing design, adding ornamental features, and planting trees and shrubs.
landscaping:The process of making a yard or other piece of land more attractive by altering the existing design, adding ornamental features, and planting trees and shrubs.
landside:On or to the landside of an airport terminal.
landslide:The sliding down of a mass of earth or rock from a mountain or cliff.
landslides:A collapse of a mass of earth or rock from a mountain or cliff.
landward:Toward land.
lane:A narrow road, especially in a rural area.
lanes:A narrow road, especially in a rural area.
language:The principal method of human communication, consisting of words used in a structured and conventional way and conveyed by speech, writing, or gesture.
languages:The principal method of human communication, consisting of words used in a structured and conventional way and conveyed by speech, writing, or gesture.
languid:(of a person, manner, or gesture) displaying or having a disinclination for physical exertion or effort; slow and relaxed.
languish:(of a person or other living thing) lose or lack vitality; grow weak or feeble.
languished:(of a person, animal, or plant) lose or lack vitality; grow weak.
languishes:(of a person, animal, or plant) lose or lack vitality; grow weak.
languishing:Failing to make progress or be successful.
languor:The state or feeling, often pleasant, of tiredness or inertia.
languorous:Characterized by tiredness or inactivity, especially of a pleasurable kind.
lank:(of hair) long, limp, and straight.
lankier:(of a person) ungracefully thin and tall.
lankiest:(of a person) ungracefully thin and tall.
lanky:(of a person) ungracefully thin and tall.
lanolin:A fatty substance found naturally on sheep's wool. It is extracted as a yellowish viscous mixture of esters and used as a base for ointments.
lantern:A lamp with a transparent case protecting the flame or electric bulb, and typically having a handle by which it can be carried or hung.
lanterns:A lamp with a transparent case protecting the flame or electric bulb, and typically having a handle by which it may be carried or hung.
lanyard:A rope threaded through a pair of deadeyes, used to adjust the tension in the rigging of a sailing vessel.
laos:A landlocked country in Southeast Asia; population 6,800,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Laotian; capital, Vientiane.
lap:The flat area between the waist and knees of a seated person.
lapdog:A small dog kept as a pet.
lapdogs:A small pampered pet dog.
lapel:The part on each side of a coat or jacket immediately below the collar which is folded back on either side of the front opening.
lapels:The part on each side of a coat or jacket immediately below the collar which is folded back on either side of the front opening.
lapidary:A person who cuts, polishes, or engraves gems.
lapland:A region in northern Europe that extends from the Norwegian Sea to the White Sea and lies mainly within the Arctic Circle. It consists of the northern parts of Norway, Sweden, and Finland, as well as the Kola Peninsula of Russia.
lapp:A member of an indigenous people of far northern Scandinavia, traditionally associated with the herding of reindeer.
lapped:The flat area between the waist and knees of a seated person.
lapping:The flat area between the waist and knees of a seated person.
laps:The flat area between the waist and knees of a seated person.
lapse:A temporary failure of concentration, memory, or judgment.
lapsed:No longer valid; expired.
lapses:(of a right, privilege, or agreement) become invalid because it is not used, claimed, or renewed; expire.
lapsing:(of a right, privilege, or agreement) become invalid because it is not used, claimed, or renewed; expire.
laptop:A computer that is portable and suitable for use while traveling.
laptops:A computer that is portable and suitable for use while travelling.
lapwing:A large plover, typically having a black and white head and underparts and a loud call.
lapwings:A large plover, typically having a black-and-white head and underparts and a loud call.
larceny:Theft of personal property.
larch:A coniferous tree with bunches of deciduous bright green needles, found in cool regions of the northern hemisphere. It is grown for its tough timber and its resin (which yields turpentine).
larches:A coniferous tree with bunches of deciduous bright green needles, found in cool regions of the northern hemisphere. It is grown for its tough timber and its resin (which yields turpentine).
lard:Insert strips of fat or bacon in (meat) before cooking.
larder:A room or large cupboard for storing food.
larders:A room or large cupboard for storing food.
lards:Insert strips of fat or bacon in (meat) before cooking.
large:Enjoy oneself in a lively way with drink or drugs and music.
largely:To a great extent; on the whole; mostly.
larger:Enjoy oneself in a lively way with drink or drugs and music.
largest:Enjoy oneself in a lively way with drink or drugs and music.
largish:Fairly large.
largo:(especially as a direction) with a slow tempo and dignified style.
lark:A small ground-dwelling songbird, typically with brown streaky plumage, a crest, and elongated hind claws, and with a song that is delivered in flight.
larking:A small ground-dwelling songbird with elongated hind claws and a song that is delivered on the wing, typically crested and with brown streaky plumage.
larks:A small ground-dwelling songbird with elongated hind claws and a song that is delivered on the wing, typically crested and with brown streaky plumage.
larva:The active immature form of an insect, especially one that differs greatly from the adult and forms the stage between egg and pupa, e.g. a caterpillar or grub.
larvae:The active immature form of an insect, especially one that differs greatly from the adult and forms the stage between egg and pupa, e.g. a caterpillar or grub.
larval:Relating to or denoting the active immature form of an insect.
laryngeal:A laryngeal sound.
laryngitis:Inflammation of the larynx, typically resulting in huskiness or loss of the voice, harsh breathing, and a painful cough.
larynx:The hollow muscular organ forming an air passage to the lungs and holding the vocal cords in humans and other mammals; the voice box.
larynxes:The hollow muscular organ forming an air passage to the lungs and holding the vocal cords in humans and other mammals; the voice box.
lasagne:Pasta in the form of sheets or wide strips.
lascivious:(of a person, manner, or gesture) feeling or revealing an overt and often offensive sexual desire.
lase:(of a substance, especially a gas or crystal) undergo the physical processes employed in a laser; function as or in a laser.
laser:Treat or remove (something) using a laser, especially as part of surgery.
lasers:Treat or remove (something) using a laser, especially as part of a surgical procedure.
lash:Strike (someone) with a whip or stick.
lashed:Having eyelashes of a specified kind.
lashes:Strike or beat with a whip or stick.
lashing:An act or instance of whipping.
lashings:A copious amount of something, especially food or drink.
lasing:(of a substance, especially a gas or crystal) undergo the physical processes employed in a laser; function as or in a laser.
lass:A girl or young woman.
lasses:A girl or young woman.
lassie:A girl or young woman.
lassies:A girl or young woman.
lassitude:A state of physical or mental weariness; lack of energy.
lasso:Catch (an animal) with a lasso.
lassoed:Catch (an animal) with a lasso.
lassoing:Catch (an animal) with a lasso.
last:On the last occasion before the present; previously.
lasted:On the last occasion before the present; previously.
lasting:Enduring or able to endure over a long period of time.
lastly:In the last place (used to introduce the last of a series of points or actions)
lasts:On the last occasion before the present; previously.
latch:Fasten (a door or gate) with a latch.
latched:Fasten (a door or gate) with a latch.
latches:Fasten (a door or gate) with a latch.
latching:Fasten (a door or gate) with a latch.
late:After the expected, proper, or usual time.
latecomer:A person who arrives late.
latecomers:A person who arrives late.
lately:Recently; not long ago.
latencies:The state of existing but not yet being developed or manifest; concealment.
latency:The state of existing but not yet being developed or manifest; concealment.
lateness:The fact or quality of happening or arriving after the expected or usual time; unpunctuality.
latent:(of a quality or state) existing but not yet developed or manifest; hidden or concealed.
later:Goodbye for the present; see you later.
lateral:Throw (a football) in a sideways or backward direction.
laterally:At, toward, or from the side or sides; sideways.
laterals:A side part of something, especially a shoot or branch growing out from the side of a stem.
latest:The most recent news or fashion.
latex:A milky fluid found in many plants, such as poppies and spurges, which exudes when the plant is cut and coagulates on exposure to the air. The latex of the rubber tree is the chief source of natural rubber.
lath:Cover (a wall or ceiling) with laths.
lathe:Shape with a lathe.
lather:(with reference to soap or a similar cleansing substance) form or cause to form a frothy white mass of bubbles.
lathered:Form or cause to form a lather.
lathers:Form or cause to form a lather.
lathes:Shape with a lathe.
laths:Cover with laths.
latin:The language of ancient Rome and its empire, widely used historically as a language of scholarship and administration.
latino:(in North America) a person of Latin American origin or descent, especially a man or boy.
latitude:The angular distance of a place north or south of the earth's equator, or of a celestial object north or south of the celestial equator, usually expressed in degrees and minutes.
latitudes:The angular distance of a place north or south of the earth's equator, or of the equator of a celestial object, usually expressed in degrees and minutes.
latitudinal:Relating to the position of a place north or south of the earth's equator.
latrine:A toilet or outhouse, especially a communal one in a camp or barracks.
latrines:A toilet, especially a communal one in a camp or barracks.
latter:Situated or occurring nearer to the end of something than to the beginning.
lattice:A structure consisting of strips of wood or metal crossed and fastened together with square or diamond-shaped spaces left between, used as a screen or fence or as a support for climbing plants.
latticed:Decorated with or in the form of a lattice.
lattices:A structure consisting of strips of wood or metal crossed and fastened together with square or diamond-shaped spaces left between, used as a screen or fence or as a support for climbing plants.
latvia:A country on the eastern shore of the Baltic Sea, between Estonia and Lithuania; population 2,000,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Riga; languages, Latvian (official), Russian, Lithuanian.
latvian:A native or citizen of Latvia, or a person of Latvian descent.
laud:Praise (a person or their achievements) highly, especially in a public context.
laudable:(of an action, idea, or goal) deserving praise and commendation.
laudatory:(of speech or writing) expressing praise and commendation.
lauded:Highly praised or admired.
lauding:Praise (a person or their achievements) highly.
lauds:A service of morning prayer in the Divine Office of the Western Christian Church, traditionally said or chanted at daybreak, though historically it was often held with matins on the previous night.
laugh:Make the spontaneous sounds and movements of the face and body that are the instinctive expressions of lively amusement and sometimes also of contempt or derision.
laughable:So ludicrous as to be amusing.
laughably:In a ludicrous manner; absurdly.
laughed:Make the spontaneous sounds and movements of the face and body that are the instinctive expressions of lively amusement and sometimes also of derision.
laugher:A person who laughs.
laughing:Make the spontaneous sounds and movements of the face and body that are the instinctive expressions of lively amusement and sometimes also of derision.
laughingly:In an amused way; with laughter.
laughs:Make the spontaneous sounds and movements of the face and body that are the instinctive expressions of lively amusement and sometimes also of derision.
laughter:The action or sound of laughing.
launch:Set (a boat) in motion by pushing it or allowing it to roll into the water.
launched:Set (a boat) in motion by pushing it or allowing it to roll into the water.
launcher:A structure that holds a rocket or missile, typically one used as a weapon, during launching.
launchers:A structure that holds a rocket or missile, typically one used as a weapon, during launching.
launches:Set (a boat) in motion by pushing it or allowing it to roll into the water.
launching:Set (a boat) in motion by pushing it or allowing it to roll into the water.
launder:Wash, or wash and iron, (clothes or linens)
laundered:(of clothes or linen) washed and ironed.
launderette:A laundromat.
launderettes:An establishment with coin-operated washing machines and dryers for public use.
laundering:Wash and iron (clothes or linen)
laundress:A woman who is employed to launder clothes and linens.
laundrette:An establishment with coin-operated washing machines and dryers for public use.
laundrettes:An establishment with coin-operated washing machines and dryers for public use.
laundries:Clothes and linen that need to be washed or that have been newly washed.
laundry:Clothes and linens that need to be washed or that have been newly washed.
laureate:A person who is honored with an award for outstanding creative or intellectual achievement.
laurel:Bestow an award or praise on (someone) in recognition of an achievement.
laurels:Bestow an award or praise on (someone) in recognition of an achievement.
lava:Hot molten or semifluid rock erupted from a volcano or fissure, or solid rock resulting from cooling of this.
lavas:Hot molten or semi-fluid rock erupted from a volcano or fissure, or solid rock resulting from cooling of this.
lavatorial:Relating to or resembling lavatories.
lavatories:A room, building, or cubicle containing a toilet or toilets.
lavatory:A room or compartment with a toilet and washbasin; a bathroom.
lavender:Perfume with lavender.
lavish:Bestow something in generous or extravagant quantities on.
lavished:Bestow something in generous or extravagant quantities on.
lavishes:Bestow something in generous or extravagant quantities on.
lavishing:Bestow something in generous or extravagant quantities on.
lavishly:In a sumptuously rich, elaborate, or luxurious manner.
law:The system of rules which a particular country or community recognizes as regulating the actions of its members and which it may enforce by the imposition of penalties.
lawbreaker:A person who violates the law.
lawbreakers:A person who breaks the law.
lawful:Conforming to, permitted by, or recognized by law or rules.
lawfully:In a way that conforms to or is permitted or recognized by the law.
lawless:Not governed by or obedient to laws; characterized by a lack of civic order.
lawlessness:A state of disorder due to a disregard of the law.
lawmaker:A legislator.
lawmakers:A legislator.
lawman:A law-enforcement officer, especially a sheriff.
lawmen:(in the US) a law-enforcement officer, especially a sheriff.
lawn:An area of short, mown grass in a yard, garden, or park.
lawnmower:A machine for cutting the grass on a lawn.
lawnmowers:A machine for cutting the grass on a lawn.
lawns:An area of short, regularly mown grass in the garden of a house or park.
laws:The system of rules which a particular country or community recognizes as regulating the actions of its members and which it may enforce by the imposition of penalties.
lawsuit:A claim or dispute brought to a court of law for adjudication.
lawsuits:A claim or dispute brought to a law court for adjudication.
lawyer:A person who practices or studies law; an attorney or a counselor.
lawyers:Practise law; work as a lawyer.
lax:Not sufficiently strict, severe, or careful.
laxative:A medicine which has a laxative effect.
laxatives:A medicine which has a laxative effect.
laxer:Not sufficiently strict, severe, or careful.
laxity:Lack of strictness or care.
lay:Put down, especially gently or carefully.
layabout:A person who habitually does little or no work.
layabouts:A person who habitually does little or no work.
layer:Arrange in a layer or layers.
layered:Arranged in a layer or layers.
layering:The action of arranging something in layers.
layers:Arrange in a layer or layers.
laying:Put (something) down gently or carefully.
layman:A nonordained male member of a Church.
laymen:A non-ordained male member of a Church.
layoff:A discharge of a worker or workers because of economic conditions or shortage of work.
layout:The way in which the parts of something are arranged or laid out.
layouts:The way in which the parts of something are arranged or laid out.
layperson:A nonordained member of a church.
lays:Put (something) down gently or carefully.
lazaret:The rear part of a ship's hold, used for stores.
laze:Spend time in a relaxed, lazy manner.
lazed:Spend time in a relaxed, lazy manner.
lazier:Unwilling to work or use energy.
laziest:Unwilling to work or use energy.
lazily:In a manner that shows an unwillingness to exert oneself physically.
laziness:The quality of being unwilling to work or use energy; idleness.
lazing:Spend time in a relaxed, lazy manner.
lazy:Unwilling to work or use energy.
lazybones:A lazy person (often as a form of address)
lea:An open area of grassy or arable land.
leach:(with reference to a soluble chemical or mineral) drain away from soil, ash, or similar material by the action of percolating liquid, especially rainwater.
leached:(with reference to a soluble chemical or mineral) drain away from soil, ash, or similar material by the action of percolating liquid, especially rainwater.
leaches:(with reference to a soluble chemical or mineral) drain away from soil, ash, or similar material by the action of percolating liquid, especially rainwater.
leaching:(with reference to a soluble chemical or mineral) drain away from soil, ash, or similar material by the action of percolating liquid, especially rainwater.
lead:Cause (a person or animal) to go with one by holding them by the hand, a halter, a rope, etc. while moving forward.
leaded:(of windowpanes or a roof) framed, covered, or weighted with lead.
leaden:Dull, heavy, or slow.
leader:The person who leads or commands a group, organization, or country.
leaders:The person who leads or commands a group, organization, or country.
leadership:The action of leading a group of people or an organization.
leading:Guidance or leadership, especially in a spiritual context.
leads:Cause (a person or animal) to go with one by holding them by the hand, a halter, a rope, etc. while moving forward.
leaf:A flattened structure of a higher plant, typically green and blade-like, that is attached to a stem directly or via a stalk. Leaves are the main organs of photosynthesis and transpiration.
leafier:Having many leaves or much foliage.
leafiest:Having many leaves or much foliage.
leafing:(of a plant, especially a deciduous one in spring) put out new leaves.
leaflet:Distribute leaflets to (people or an area)
leaflets:Distribute leaflets to (people or an area)
leafy:Having many leaves or much foliage.
league:A collection of people, countries, or groups that combine for a particular purpose, typically mutual protection or cooperation.
leagues:Join in a league or alliance.
leak:(of a container or covering) accidentally lose or admit contents, especially liquid or gas, through a hole or crack.
leakage:The accidental admission or escape of a fluid or gas through a hole or crack.
leakages:The accidental admission or escape of liquid or gas through a hole or crack.
leaked:(of secret information) made public.
leakier:Having a leak or leaks.
leakiest:Having a leak or leaks.
leaking:(of a container or covering) accidentally losing or admitting contents, especially liquid or gas, through a hole or crack.
leaks:(of a container or covering) accidentally lose or admit contents, especially liquid or gas, through a hole or crack.
leaky:Having a leak or leaks.
lean:Be in or move into a sloping position.
leaned:Be in or move into a sloping position.
leaner:Be in or move into a sloping position.
leanest:Be in or move into a sloping position.
leaning:A tendency or partiality of a particular kind.
leanings:A tendency or partiality of a particular kind.
leans:Be in or move into a sloping position.
leant:Be in or move into a sloping position.
leap:Jump or spring a long way, to a great height, or with great force.
leaped:Jump or spring a long way, to a great height, or with great force.
leapfrog:A game in which players in turn vault with parted legs over the backs of others who are bending down.
leapfrogging:Perform such a vault.
leaping:Jump or spring a long way, to a great height, or with great force.
leaps:Jump or spring a long way, to a great height, or with great force.
leapt:Jump or spring a long way, to a great height, or with great force.
learn:Gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught.
learned:(of a person) having much knowledge acquired by study.
learner:A person who is learning a subject or skill.
learners:A person who is learning a subject or skill.
learning:The acquisition of knowledge or skills through experience, study, or by being taught.
learns:Gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught.
learnt:Gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught.
lease:Grant (property) on lease; let.
leased:Grant (property) on lease; let.
leasehold:The holding of property by lease.
leaseholder:A person who has the right to use a property under the terms of a lease.
leaseholders:A person who has the right to use a property under the terms of a lease.
leases:Grant (property) on lease; let.
leash:Put a leash on (a dog)
leashed:Put a leash on (a dog)
leashes:Put a leash on (a dog)
leashing:Put a leash on (a dog)
leasing:Grant (property) on lease; let.
least:Smallest in amount, extent, or significance.
leat:An open watercourse conducting water to a mill.
leather:Beat or thrash (someone)
leathers:Beat or thrash (someone)
leathery:Having a tough, hard texture.
leave:Go away from.
leaved:Having a leaf or leaves of a particular kind or number.
leaven:Cause (dough or bread) to rise by adding yeast or another leavening agent.
leavened:(of bread) made with yeast or other leavening agent.
leavening:A substance used in dough or batter to make it rise, such as yeast or baking powder.
leaver:A person who leaves a place or position.
leavers:A person who leaves a place or position.
leaves:(of a plant, especially a deciduous one in spring) put out new leaves.
leaving:Go away from.
leavings:Things that have been left as worthless.
lebanon:A country in the Middle East, with a coastline on the Mediterranean Sea; population 5,900,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Beirut; official language, Arabic.
lebensraum:The territory that a state or nation believes is needed for its natural development, especially associated with Nazi Germany.
lecher:A lecherous man.
lecherous:Having or showing excessive or offensive sexual desire.
lechery:Excessive or offensive sexual desire; lustfulness.
lectern:A tall stand with a sloping top to hold a book or notes, from which someone, typically a preacher or lecturer, can read while standing up.
lector:A reader, especially someone who reads lessons in a church service.
lectors:A reader, especially someone who reads lessons in a church service.
lecture:An educational talk to an audience, especially to students in a university or college.
lectured:Deliver an educational lecture or lectures.
lecturer:A person who gives lectures, especially as a profession.
lecturers:A person who gives lectures, especially as an occupation at a university or college of higher education.
lectures:Deliver an educational lecture or lectures.
lectureship:A post as a lecturer.
lectureships:A post as a lecturer.
lecturing:Deliver an educational lecture or lectures.
led:A light-emitting diode (a semiconductor diode which glows when a voltage is applied)
ledge:A narrow horizontal surface projecting from a wall, cliff, or other surface.
ledger:A book or other collection of financial accounts of a particular type.
ledgers:Fish using a ledger.
ledges:A narrow horizontal surface projecting from a wall, cliff, or other surface.
lee:The sheltered side of something; the side away from the wind.Shelter from wind or weather given by a neighboring object, especially nearby land.
leech:An aquatic or terrestrial annelid worm with suckers at both ends. Many species are bloodsucking parasites, especially of vertebrates, and others are predators.
leeches:Habitually exploit or rely on.
leeching:Habitually exploit or rely on.
leeds:An industrial city in northern England; population 441,100 (est. 2009). It developed as a wool town in the Middle Ages and became a clothing center during the Industrial Revolution.
leek:A plant related to the onion, with flat overlapping leaves forming an elongated cylindrical bulb which together with the leaf bases is eaten as a vegetable. It is used as a Welsh national emblem.
leeks:A plant related to the onion, with flat overlapping leaves forming an elongated cylindrical bulb which together with the leaf bases is eaten as a vegetable. It is used as a Welsh national emblem.
leer:Look or gaze in an unpleasant, malicious, or lascivious way.
leered:Look or gaze in a lascivious or unpleasant way.
leering:Looking or gazing in a lascivious or unpleasant way.
leers:Look or gaze in a lascivious or unpleasant way.
lees:The sediment of wine in the barrel.
leeward:On or toward the side sheltered from the wind; downwind.
leeway:The amount of freedom to move or act that is available.
left:On or to the left side.
lefthanded:With the left hand.
lefties:A person with left-wing political views.
leftist:A person with left-wing political views.
leftists:A person with left-wing political views.
leftmost:Farthest to the left.
leftover:Something, especially food, remaining after the rest has been used or consumed.
leftovers:Something, especially food, remaining after the rest has been used.
leftward:Toward the left.
leftwards:Towards the left.
lefty:A left-handed person.
leg:Travel by foot; walk.
legacies:An amount of money or property left to someone in a will.
legacy:An amount of money or property left to someone in a will.
legal:Of, based on, or concerned with the law.
legalese:The formal and technical language of legal documents that is often hard to understand.
legalisation:The action of making something that was previously illegal permissible by law.
legalise:Make (something that was previously illegal) permissible by law.
legalised:Make (something that was previously illegal) permissible by law.
legalising:Make (something that was previously illegal) permissible by law.
legalism:Excessive adherence to law or formula.
legalistic:Adhering excessively to law or formula.
legality:The quality or state of being in accordance with the law.
legally:In a way that conforms to or is permitted or required by the law.
legate:A member of the clergy, especially a cardinal, representing the Pope.
legatee:A person who receives a legacy.
legatees:A person who receives a legacy.
legates:A member of the clergy, especially a cardinal, representing the Pope.
legation:A diplomatic minister, especially one below the rank of ambassador, and their staff.
legato:In a smooth flowing manner, without breaks between notes.
legator:A testator, especially one who leaves a legacy.
legend:A traditional story sometimes popularly regarded as historical but unauthenticated.
legendary:Of, described in, or based on legends.
legends:A traditional story sometimes popularly regarded as historical but not authenticated.
legerdemain:Skillful use of one's hands when performing conjuring tricks.
legged:Having legs of a specified kind or number.
legging:Travel by foot; walk.
leggings:Tight-fitting stretch pants, typically worn by women or girls.
leggy:Having attractively long legs (typically used of a woman)
leghorn:Fine plaited straw.
leghorns:Fine plaited straw.
legibility:The quality of being clear enough to read.
legible:(of handwriting or print) clear enough to read.
legion:A unit of 3,000–6,000 men in the ancient Roman army.
legionaries:A soldier in a Roman legion.
legionary:A soldier in a Roman legion.
legionnaires:A member of a legion, in particular an ancient Roman legion or the French Foreign Legion.
legions:A division of 3,000–6,000 men, including a complement of cavalry, in the ancient Roman army.
legislate:Make or enact laws.
legislated:Make or enact laws.
legislating:Make or enact laws.
legislation:Laws, considered collectively.
legislative:Having the power to make laws.
legislator:A person who makes laws; a member of a legislative body.
legislators:A person who makes laws; a member of a legislative body.
legislature:The legislative body of a country or state.
legislatures:The legislative body of a country or state.
legitimacy:Conformity to the law or to rules.
legitimate:Make legitimate; justify or make lawful.
legitimated:Make lawful or justify.
legitimately:In a way that conforms to the law or to rules.
legitimating:Make lawful or justify.
legitimise:Make legitimate.
legitimised:Make legitimate.
legitimising:Make legitimate.
legless:Having no legs.
legman:A person employed to do simple tasks such as running errands or collecting information from outside their workplace.
legroom:Space where a seated person can put their legs.
legs:Travel by foot; walk.
legume:A leguminous plant (member of the pea family), especially one grown as a crop.
legumes:A leguminous plant (member of the pea family), especially one grown as a crop.
leguminous:Relating to or denoting plants of the pea family (Leguminosae). They have seeds in pods, distinctive flowers, and typically root nodules containing symbiotic bacteria able to fix nitrogen.
legwork:Work that involves much traveling to collect information, especially when such work is difficult but boring.
leipzig:An industrial city in east central Germany; population 506,600 (est. 2006).
leisure:Free time.
leisured:Having ample leisure, especially through being rich.
leisurely:Without hurry.
leisurewear:Casual clothes designed to be worn for leisure activities, particularly sweatsuits and other sportswear.
leitmotif:A recurrent theme throughout a musical or literary composition, associated with a particular person, idea, or situation.
leitmotifs:A recurrent theme throughout a musical or literary composition, associated with a particular person, idea, or situation.
leitmotiv:A recurrent theme throughout a musical or literary composition, associated with a particular person, idea, or situation.
leitmotivs:A recurrent theme throughout a musical or literary composition, associated with a particular person, idea, or situation.
lemma:A subsidiary or intermediate theorem in an argument or proof.
lemmas:A subsidiary or intermediate theorem in an argument or proof.
lemming:A small, short-tailed, thickset rodent related to the voles, found in the Arctic tundra.
lemmings:A small, short-tailed, thickset rodent related to the voles, found in the Arctic tundra.
lemon:A yellow, oval citrus fruit with thick skin and fragrant, acidic juice.
lemonade:A drink made from lemon juice and sweetened water.
lemons:A pale yellow oval citrus fruit with thick skin and fragrant, acidic juice.
lemur:An arboreal primate with a pointed snout and typically a long tail, found only in Madagascar.
lemurs:An arboreal primate with a pointed snout and typically a long tail, found only in Madagascar.
lend:Grant to (someone) the use of (something) on the understanding that it shall be returned.
lender:An organization or person that lends money.
lenders:An organization or person that lends money.
lending:The action of allowing a person or organization the use of a sum of money under an agreement to pay it back later.
lends:Grant to (someone) the use of (something) on the understanding that it will be returned.
length:The measurement or extent of something from end to end; the greater of two or the greatest of three dimensions of a body.
lengthen:Make or become longer.
lengthened:Make or become longer.
lengthening:Becoming longer.
lengthens:Make or become longer.
lengthier:(especially in reference to time) of considerable or unusual length, especially so as to be tedious.
lengthiest:(especially in reference to time) of considerable or unusual length, especially so as to be tedious.
lengths:The measurement or extent of something from end to end; the greater of two or the greatest of three dimensions of an object.
lengthways:Lengthwise.
lengthwise:In a direction parallel with a thing's length.
lengthy:(especially in reference to time) of considerable or unusual length, especially so as to be tedious.
leniency:The fact or quality of being more merciful or tolerant than expected; clemency.
lenient:(of punishment or a person in authority) permissive, merciful, or tolerant.
lens:A piece of glass or other transparent substance with curved sides for concentrating or dispersing light rays, used singly (as in a magnifying glass) or with other lenses (as in a telescope).
lenses:A piece of glass or other transparent material with curved sides for concentrating or dispersing light rays, used singly (as in a magnifying glass) or with other lenses (as in a telescope).
lentil:A high-protein pulse that is dried and then soaked and cooked before eating. There are several varieties of lentils, including green ones and smaller orange ones, which are typically sold split.
lentils:A high-protein pulse which is dried and then soaked and cooked prior to eating.
lento:(especially as a direction) slowly.
leone:The basic monetary unit of Sierra Leone, equal to 100 cents.
leopard:A large, solitary cat that has a yellowish-brown or brown coat with black spots and usually hunts at night, widespread in the forests of Africa and southern Asia.
leopards:A large solitary cat that has a fawn or brown coat with black spots, native to the forests of Africa and southern Asia.
leopardskin:(of a garment) made of a fabric resembling the spotted skin of a leopard.
leotard:A close-fitting one-piece garment, made of a stretchy fabric, that covers a person's body from the shoulders to the top of the thighs and typically the arms, worn by dancers or people exercising indoors.
leotards:A close-fitting one-piece garment, made of a stretchy fabric, which covers a person's body from the shoulders to the top of the thighs, worn by dancers or people exercising indoors.
leper:A person suffering from leprosy.
lepers:A person suffering from leprosy.
leprechaun:(in Irish folklore) a small, mischievous sprite.
leprechauns:(in Irish folklore) a small, mischievous sprite.
leprose:Having a scaly or powdery appearance; lepidote; especially designating crustose lichens in which the surface of the thallus is granular or powdery.
leprosy:A contagious disease that affects the skin, mucous membranes, and nerves, causing discoloration and lumps on the skin and, in severe cases, disfigurement and deformities. Leprosy is now mainly confined to tropical Africa and Asia.
leprous:Suffering from leprosy.
lepton:A monetary unit of Greece until the introduction of the euro, worth one hundredth of a drachma (used only in calculations).
leptons:A former monetary unit of Greece used only in calculations, worth one hundredth of a drachma.
lesbian:A gay woman.
lesbianism:Sexual attraction or sexual activity between women.
lesbians:A gay woman.
lesion:A region in an organ or tissue which has suffered damage through injury or disease, such as a wound, ulcer, abscess, or tumor.
lesions:A region in an organ or tissue which has suffered damage through injury or disease, such as a wound, ulcer, abscess, or tumour.
lesotho:A landlocked mountainous country that forms an enclave in South Africa; population 2,100,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Maseru; official languages, Sesotho and English.
less:A smaller amount of; not as much.
lessee:A person who holds the lease of a property; a tenant.
lessees:A person who holds the lease of a property; a tenant.
lessen:Make or become less; diminish.
lessened:Make or become less; diminish.
lessening:Make or become less; diminish.
lessens:Make or become less; diminish.
lesser:Not so great or important as the other or the rest.
lesson:Instruct or teach (someone)
lessons:Instruct or teach (someone)
lessor:A person who leases or lets a property to another; a landlord.
lessors:A person who leases or lets a property to another; a landlord.
lest:With the intention of preventing (something undesirable); to avoid the risk of.
let:Not prevent or forbid; allow.
lethal:Sufficient to cause death.
lethality:The capacity to cause death or serious harm or damage.
lethally:With death as a result.
lethargic:Affected by lethargy; sluggish and apathetic.
lethargy:A lack of energy and enthusiasm.
lets:Not prevent or forbid; allow.
letter:Inscribe letters or writing on.
letterbox:Record (a widescreen film) on to video in letterbox format.
lettered:Formally educated.
letterhead:A printed heading on stationery stating a person's or organization's name and address.
letterheads:A printed heading on stationery, stating a person or organization's name and address.
lettering:The letters written or printed on something.
letterpress:Printing from a hard raised image under pressure, using viscous ink.
letters:Inscribe letters or writing on.
letting:The action of renting out a property.
lettings:The action of renting out a property.
lettuce:A cultivated plant of the daisy family, with edible leaves that are a usual ingredient of salads. Many varieties of lettuce have been developed with a range of form, texture, and color.
lettuces:A cultivated plant of the daisy family, with edible leaves that are eaten in salads.
leucine:A hydrophobic amino acid which is a constituent of most proteins. It is an essential nutrient in the diet of vertebrates.
leukaemia:A malignant progressive disease in which the bone marrow and other blood-forming organs produce increased numbers of immature or abnormal leucocytes. These suppress the production of normal blood cells, leading to anaemia and other symptoms.
leukemia:A malignant progressive disease in which the bone marrow and other blood-forming organs produce increased numbers of immature or abnormal leukocytes. These suppress the production of normal blood cells, leading to anemia and other symptoms.
level:Give a flat and even surface to.
levelheaded:Calm and sensible.
levelled:Give a flat and even surface to.
leveller:A person or thing that levels something.
levelling:Give a flat and even surface to.
levelly:In a calm and steady manner.
levels:Give a flat and even surface to.
lever:Lift or move with a lever.
leverage:Use borrowed capital for (an investment), expecting the profits made to be greater than the interest payable.
leveraged:Use borrowed capital for (an investment), expecting the profits made to be greater than the interest payable.
levered:Lift or move with a lever.
levering:Lift or move with a lever.
levers:Lift or move with a lever.
levi:(in the Bible) a Hebrew patriarch, third son of Jacob and Leah.
leviathan:(in biblical use) a sea monster, identified in different passages with the whale and the crocodile (e.g. Job 41, Ps. 74:14), and with the Devil (after Isa. 27:1).
levied:Impose (a tax, fee, or fine)
levies:Impose (a tax, fee, or fine)
levitate:Rise or cause to rise and hover in the air, especially by means of supernatural or magical power.
levitated:Rise or cause to rise and hover in the air, typically by means of supposed magical powers.
levitates:Rise or cause to rise and hover in the air, typically by means of supposed magical powers.
levitating:Rise or cause to rise and hover in the air, typically by means of supposed magical powers.
levitation:The action of rising or causing something to rise and hover in the air, typically by means of supposed magical powers.
levity:Humor or frivolity, especially the treatment of a serious matter with humor or in a manner lacking due respect.
levy:Impose (a tax, fee, or fine)
levying:Impose (a tax, fee, or fine)
lewd:Crude and offensive in a sexual way.
lexeme:A basic lexical unit of a language, consisting of one word or several words, considered as an abstract unit, and applied to a family of words related by form or meaning.
lexemes:A basic lexical unit of a language consisting of one word or several words, the elements of which do not separately convey the meaning of the whole.
lexical:Relating to the words or vocabulary of a language.
lexicographer:A person who compiles dictionaries.
lexicographers:A person who compiles dictionaries.
lexicography:The practice of compiling dictionaries.
lexicon:The vocabulary of a person, language, or branch of knowledge.
lexicons:The vocabulary of a person, language, or branch of knowledge.
liability:The state of being responsible for something, especially by law.
liable:Responsible by law; legally answerable.
liaise:Establish a working relationship, typically in order to cooperate on a matter of mutual concern.
liaised:Cooperate on a matter of mutual concern.
liaises:Cooperate on a matter of mutual concern.
liaising:Cooperate on a matter of mutual concern.
liaison:Communication or cooperation which facilitates a close working relationship between people or organizations.
liar:A person who tells lies.
liars:A person who tells lies.
libation:A drink poured out as an offering to a deity.
libations:A drink poured out as an offering to a deity.
libel:Defame (someone) by publishing a libel.
libeled:Defame (someone) by publishing a libel.
libelled:Defame (someone) by publishing a libel.
libelling:Defame (someone) by publishing a libel.
libellous:Containing or constituting a libel.
libels:Defame (someone) by publishing a libel.
liberal:A supporter of policies that are socially progressive and promote social welfare.
liberalisation:The removal or loosening of restrictions on something, typically an economic or political system.
liberalise:Remove or loosen restrictions on (something, typically an economic or political system)
liberalised:Remove or loosen restrictions on (something, typically an economic or political system)
liberalising:Remove or loosen restrictions on (something, typically an economic or political system)
liberalism:Willingness to respect or accept behaviour or opinions different from one's own; openness to new ideas.
liberality:The quality of giving or spending freely.
liberally:In large or generous amounts.
liberals:A supporter of policies that are socially progressive and promote social welfare.
liberate:Set (someone) free from a situation, especially imprisonment or slavery, in which their liberty is severely restricted.
liberated:(of a person) showing freedom from social conventions or traditional ideas, especially with regard to sexual roles.
liberates:Set (someone) free from imprisonment, slavery, or oppression.
liberating:Freeing a place or people from enemy occupation.
liberation:The act of setting someone free from imprisonment, slavery, or oppression; release.
liberator:A person who liberates a person or place from imprisonment or oppression.
liberators:A person who liberates a person or place from imprisonment or oppression.
liberia:A country on the Atlantic coast of West Africa; population 4,500,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Monrovia; languages, English (official) and English-based pidgin.
libero:The rearmost, roaming defensive player in volleyball or soccer.
libertarian:An advocate or supporter of a political philosophy that advocates only minimal state intervention in the free market and the private lives of citizens.
libertarianism:A political philosophy that advocates only minimal state intervention in the free market and the private lives of citizens.
libertarians:An advocate or supporter of a political philosophy that advocates only minimal state intervention in the free market and the private lives of citizens.
liberties:The state of being free within society from oppressive restrictions imposed by authority on one's way of life, behaviour, or political views.
libertine:A person, especially a man, who behaves without moral principles or a sense of responsibility, especially in sexual matters.
libertines:A person, especially a man, who freely indulges in sensual pleasures without regard to moral principles.
liberty:The state of being free within society from oppressive restrictions imposed by authority on one's way of life, behavior, or political views.
libidinous:Showing excessive sexual drive; lustful.
libido:Sexual desire.
librarian:A person, typically with a degree in library science, who administers or assists in a library.
librarians:A person in charge of or assisting in a library.
libraries:A building or room containing collections of books, periodicals, and sometimes films and recorded music for use or borrowing by the public or the members of an institution.
library:A building or room containing collections of books, periodicals, and sometimes films and recorded music for people to read, borrow, or refer to.
librate:(of the moon) oscillate or seem to oscillate.
librated:(of the moon) oscillate or seem to oscillate.
librates:(of the moon) oscillate or seem to oscillate.
libretti:The text of an opera or other long vocal work.
librettist:A person who writes the text of an opera or other long vocal work.
librettists:A person who writes the text of an opera or other long vocal work.
libretto:The text of an opera or other long vocal work.
libya:A country in North Africa, with a coastline on the Mediterranean Sea; population 6,300,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Arabic; capital, Tripoli.
libyan:A native or inhabitant of Libya, or a person of Libyan descent.
libyans:A native or inhabitant of Libya, or a person of Libyan descent.
licence:A permit from an authority to own or use something, do a particular thing, or carry on a trade (especially in alcoholic drink)
licences:A permit from an authority to own or use something, do a particular thing, or carry on a trade (especially in alcoholic drink)
license:Grant a license to (someone or something) to permit the use of something or to allow an activity to take place.
licensed:Having an official license.
licensee:The holder of a license.
licensees:The holder of a licence, especially to sell alcoholic drinks.
licenses:A permit from an authority to own or use something, do a particular thing, or carry on a trade (especially in alcoholic drink)
licensing:Relating to the granting of an official license.
licentiate:The holder of a certificate of competence to practice a certain profession.
licentious:Promiscuous and unprincipled in sexual matters.
lichee:A small rounded fruit with sweet white scented flesh, a large central stone, and a thin rough skin.
lichen:A simple slow-growing plant that typically forms a low crusty, leaflike, or branching growth on rocks, walls, and trees.
lichened:Covered in lichen.
lichens:A simple slow-growing plant that typically forms a low crusty, leaflike, or branching growth on rocks, walls, and trees.
lick:Pass the tongue over (something) in order to taste, moisten, or clean it.
licked:Pass the tongue over (something) in order to taste, moisten, or clean it.
lickerish:Lecherous.
licking:A severe defeat or beating.
licks:Pass the tongue over (something) in order to taste, moisten, or clean it.
licorice:A sweet, chewy, aromatic black substance made by evaporation from the juice of a root and used as a candy and in medicine.
lid:A removable or hinged cover for the top of a container.
lido:A public, open-air swimming pool or beach.
lids:A removable or hinged cover for the top of a container.
lie:(of a person or animal) be in or assume a horizontal or resting position on a supporting surface.
lied:A type of German song, especially of the romantic period, typically for solo voice with piano accompaniment.
lieder:A type of German song, especially of the romantic period, typically for solo voice with piano accompaniment.
lien:A right to keep possession of property belonging to another person until a debt owed by that person is discharged.
liens:A right to keep possession of property belonging to another person until a debt owed by that person is discharged.
lies:(of a person or animal) be in or assume a horizontal or resting position on a supporting surface.
lieutenant:A deputy or substitute acting for a superior.
lieutenants:A deputy or substitute acting for a superior.
life:The condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter, including the capacity for growth, reproduction, functional activity, and continual change preceding death.
lifebelt:A life preserver in the shape of a belt.
lifeblood:The blood, as being necessary to life.
lifeboat:A specially constructed boat launched from land to rescue people in distress at sea.
lifeboats:A specially constructed boat launched from land to rescue people in distress at sea.
lifeguard:An expert swimmer employed to rescue people who get into difficulty in a swimming pool or at the beach.
lifeguards:An expert swimmer employed to rescue bathers who get into difficulty at a beach or swimming pool.
lifeless:Dead or apparently dead.
lifelike:Very similar to the person or thing represented.
lifeline:A thing on which someone or something depends or which provides a means of escape from a difficult situation.
lifelines:A thing on which someone or something depends or which provides a means of escape from a difficult situation.
lifelong:Lasting or remaining in a particular state throughout a person's life.
lifesaving:The action or process of saving another person's life, especially from drowning.
lifesize:Of the same size as the person or thing represented.
lifesized:Of the same size as the person or thing represented.
lifespan:The length of time for which a person or animal lives or a thing functions.
lifespans:The length of time for which a person or animal lives or a thing functions.
lifestyle:The way in which a person or group lives.
lifestyles:The way in which a person lives.
lifetime:The duration of a person's life.
lifetimes:The duration of a person's life.
lifework:The entire or principal work, labor, or task of a person's lifetime.
lift:Raise to a higher position or level.
lifted:Raise to a higher position or level.
lifting:Raise to a higher position or level.
liftoff:Takeoff, especially the vertical takeoff of a rocket or helicopter.
lifts:Raise to a higher position or level.
ligament:A short band of tough, flexible fibrous connective tissue which connects two bones or cartilages or holds together a joint.
ligaments:A short band of tough, flexible fibrous connective tissue which connects two bones or cartilages or holds together a joint.
ligand:An ion or molecule attached to a metal atom by coordinate bonding.
ligands:An ion or molecule attached to a metal atom by coordinate bonding.
ligature:Bind or connect with a ligature.
ligatured:Bind or connect with a ligature.
ligatures:Bind or connect with a ligature.
ligaturing:Bind or connect with a ligature.
light:Provide with light or lighting; illuminate.
lighted:Provided with light or lighting; illuminated.
lighten:Make or become lighter in weight, pressure, or severity.
lightened:Make or become lighter in weight, pressure, or severity.
lightening:A drop in the level of the uterus during the last weeks of pregnancy as the head of the fetus engages in the pelvis.
lightens:Make or become lighter in weight, pressure, or severity.
lighter:A device that produces a small flame, typically used to light cigarettes.
lighters:A device that produces a small flame, especially one used to light cigarettes.
lightest:Provide with light or lighting; illuminate.
lightheaded:Dizzy and slightly faint.
lighthearted:Amusing and entertaining.
lighthouse:A tower or other structure containing a beacon light to warn or guide ships at sea.
lighthouses:A tower or other structure containing a beacon light to warn or guide ships at sea.
lighting:Equipment in a home, workplace, studio, theater, or street for producing light.
lightly:Gently, delicately or softly.
lightness:The state of having a sufficient or considerable amount of natural light.
lightning:The occurrence of a natural electrical discharge of very short duration and high voltage between a cloud and the ground or within a cloud, accompanied by a bright flash and typically also thunder.
lights:The lungs of sheep or pigs used as food, especially for pets.
lightship:A moored or anchored vessel with a beacon light to warn or guide ships at sea.
lightweight:A weight in boxing and other sports intermediate between featherweight and welterweight. In the amateur boxing scale it ranges from 125 to 132 pounds (57 to 60 kg).
lignite:A soft brownish coal showing traces of plant structure, intermediate between bituminous coal and peat.
likable:(especially of a person) pleasant, friendly, and easy to like.
like:Having the same characteristics or qualities as; similar to.
likeable:(especially of a person) pleasant, friendly, and easy to like.
liked:Having the same characteristics or qualities as; similar to.
likelier:Probably.
likeliest:Probably.
likelihood:The state or fact of something's being likely; probability.
likely:Probably.
likeminded:Having similar tastes or opinions.
liken:Point out the resemblance of someone or something to.
likened:Point out the resemblance of someone or something to.
likeness:The fact or quality of being alike; resemblance.
likenesses:The fact or quality of being alike; resemblance.
likening:Point out the resemblance of someone or something to.
likens:Point out the resemblance of someone or something to.
likes:Having the same characteristics or qualities as; similar to.
likewise:In the same way; also.
liking:A feeling of regard or fondness.
likings:A feeling of regard or fondness.
lilac:A Eurasian shrub or small tree of the olive family, that has fragrant violet, pink, or white blossoms and is widely cultivated as an ornamental.
lilacs:A Eurasian shrub or small tree of the olive family, which has fragrant violet, pink, or white blossom and is a popular garden ornamental.
lilies:A bulbous plant with large trumpet-shaped, typically fragrant, flowers on a tall, slender stem.
lilliputian:A trivial or very small person or thing.
lilongwe:The capital of Malawi, founded in 1975; population 669,021 (2008).
lilt:A characteristic rising and falling of the voice when speaking; a pleasant gentle accent.
lilting:(of a voice or tune) characterized by a pleasant, gentle rising and falling.
lily:A bulbous plant with large trumpet-shaped, typically fragrant, flowers on a tall, slender stem. Lilies have long been cultivated, some kinds being of symbolic importance and some used in perfumery.
lima:The capital of Peru; population 7,605,700 (est. 2007). Founded in 1535 by Francisco Pizarro, it was the capital of the Spanish colonies in South America until the 19th century.
limb:An arm or leg of a person or four-legged animal, or a bird's wing.
limber:Warm up in preparation for exercise or activity, especially sports.
limbering:Warm up in preparation for exercise or activity, especially sport or athletics.
limbers:Warm up in preparation for exercise or activity, especially sport or athletics.
limbo:(in some Christian beliefs) the supposed abode of the souls of unbaptized infants, and of the just who died before Christ's coming.
limbs:An arm or leg of a person or four-legged animal, or a bird's wing.
lime:Treat (soil or water) with lime to reduce acidity and improve fertility or oxygen levels.
limekiln:A kiln in which limestone is burned or calcined to produce quicklime.
limelight:The focus of public attention.
limerick:A humorous, frequently bawdy, verse of three long and two short lines rhyming aabba, popularized by Edward Lear.
limericks:A humorous five-line poem with a rhyme scheme aabba.
limes:Treat (soil or water) with lime to reduce acidity and improve fertility or oxygen levels.
limestone:A hard sedimentary rock, composed mainly of calcium carbonate or dolomite, used as building material and in the making of cement.
limestones:A hard sedimentary rock, composed mainly of calcium carbonate or dolomite, used as building material and in the making of cement.
limeys:A British person.
liminal:Relating to a transitional or initial stage of a process.
liming:Treat (soil or water) with lime to reduce acidity and improve fertility or oxygen levels.
limit:Set or serve as a limit to.
limitation:A limiting rule or circumstance; a restriction.
limitations:A limiting rule or circumstance; a restriction.
limited:Restricted in size, amount, or extent; few, small, or short.
limiter:A person or thing that limits something.
limiters:A person or thing that limits something.
limiting:Setting or serving as a limit to something.
limitless:Without end, limit, or boundary.
limits:Set or serve as a limit to.
limousin:A region and former province of central France, centred on Limoges.
limousine:A large, luxurious automobile, especially one driven by a chauffeur who is separated from the passengers by a partition.
limousines:A large, luxurious car, especially one driven by a chauffeur who is separated from the passengers by a partition.
limp:Walk with difficulty, typically because of a damaged or stiff leg or foot.
limped:Walk with difficulty, typically because of a damaged or stiff leg or foot.
limpet:A marine mollusk with a shallow conical shell and a broad muscular foot, found clinging tightly to rocks.
limpets:A marine mollusc which has a shallow conical shell and a broad muscular foot, found clinging tightly to rocks.
limpid:(of a liquid) free of anything that darkens; completely clear.
limping:The action of walking with difficulty, typically because of a damaged or stiff leg or foot.
limpopo:A river in southeastern Africa. Rising as the Crocodile River near Johannesburg, it flows 1,100 miles (1,770 km) in a sweeping curve to the north and east to meet the Indian Ocean north of Maputo, Mozambique. For much of its course it forms South Africa's boundary with Botswana and Zimbabwe.
limps:Walk with difficulty, typically because of a damaged or stiff leg or foot.
linage:The number of lines in printed or written matter, especially when used to calculate payment.
linchpin:A person or thing vital to an enterprise or organization.
lincoln:The state capital of Nebraska; population 251,624 (est. 2008). Founded as Lancaster in 1856, it was made the state capital in 1867 and renamed in honor of Abraham Lincoln.
linden:A deciduous tree with heart-shaped leaves and fragrant yellowish blossoms, native to north temperate regions. The pale soft timber is used for carving and furniture.
line:Stand or be positioned at intervals along.
lineage:Lineal descent from an ancestor; ancestry or pedigree.
lineages:Direct descent from an ancestor; ancestry or pedigree.
lineaments:A distinctive feature or characteristic, especially of the face.
linear:Arranged in or extending along a straight or nearly straight line.
linearised:Make linear; represent in or transform into a linear form.
linearly:In a straight or nearly straight line.
lined:Marked or covered with lines.
linefeed:The action of advancing paper in a printing machine or text on a screen by the space of one line.
lineman:A person employed in laying and maintaining railroad track.
linemen:A person employed in laying and maintaining railway track.
linen:Cloth woven from flax.
linens:Cloth woven from flax.
liner:A large luxurious passenger ship of a type formerly used on a regular line.
liners:A large luxurious passenger ship of a type formerly used on a regular line.
lines:Stand or be positioned at intervals along.
linesman:(in games played on a field or court) an official who assists the referee or umpire from the sideline, especially in deciding on whether the ball is out of play.
linesmen:(in games played on a field or court) an official who assists the referee or umpire from the touchline, especially in deciding whether the ball is out of play.
lineup:A group of people or things brought together in a particular context, especially the members of a sports team or a group of musicians or other entertainers.
linger:Stay in a place longer than necessary because of a reluctance to leave.
lingered:Stay in a place longer than necessary because of a reluctance to leave.
lingerie:Women's underwear and nightclothes.
lingering:Lasting for a long time or slow to end.
lingers:Stay in a place longer than necessary because of a reluctance to leave.
lingual:A lingual sound.
linguist:A person skilled in foreign languages.
linguistic:Relating to language or linguistics.
linguistically:In a way that relates to language or linguistics.
linguistics:The scientific study of language and its structure, including the study of morphology, syntax, phonetics, and semantics. Specific branches of linguistics include sociolinguistics, dialectology, psycholinguistics, computational linguistics, historical-comparative linguistics, and applied linguistics.
linguists:A person skilled in foreign languages.
liniment:A liquid or lotion, especially one made with oil, for rubbing on the body to relieve pain.
liniments:An embrocation for rubbing on the body to relieve pain, especially one made with oil.
lining:A layer of different material covering the inside surface of something.
linings:A layer of different material covering the inside surface of something.
link:Make, form, or suggest a connection with or between.
linkable:Capable of being linked with or to something.
linkage:The action of linking or the state of being linked.
linkages:The action of linking or the state of being linked.
linked:Make, form, or suggest a connection with or between.
linker:A thing which links other things.
linkers:A thing which links other things.
linking:Connecting or joining something to something else.
links:A golf course.
linkup:An instance of two or more people or things connecting or joining.
linnet:A mainly brown and gray finch with a reddish breast and forehead.
linnets:A mainly brown and grey finch with a reddish breast and forehead.
linoleum:A material consisting of a canvas backing thickly coated with a preparation of linseed oil and powdered cork, used especially as a floor covering.
linseed:The seeds of the flax plant, which are the source of linseed oil and linseed cake.
lint:Short, fine fibers that separate from the surface of cloth or yarn, especially during processing.
lintel:A horizontal support of timber, stone, concrete, or steel across the top of a door or window.
lintels:A horizontal support of timber, stone, concrete, or steel across the top of a door or window.
liny:Marked with lines; wrinkled.
lion:A large tawny-colored cat that lives in prides, found in Africa and northwestern India. The male has a flowing shaggy mane and takes little part in hunting, which is done cooperatively by the females.
lioness:A female lion.
lionesses:A female lion.
lionise:Give a lot of public attention and approval to (someone); treat as a celebrity.
lionised:Give a lot of public attention and approval to (someone); treat as a celebrity.
lions:A large tawny-coloured cat that lives in prides, found in Africa and north-western India. The male has a flowing shaggy mane and takes little part in hunting, which is done cooperatively by the females.
lip:(of water) lap against.
lipase:A pancreatic enzyme that catalyzes the breakdown of fats to fatty acids and glycerol or other alcohols.
lipid:Any of a class of organic compounds that are fatty acids or their derivatives and are insoluble in water but soluble in organic solvents. They include many natural oils, waxes, and steroids.
lipids:Any of a class of organic compounds that are fatty acids or their derivatives and are insoluble in water but soluble in organic solvents. They include many natural oils, waxes, and steroids.
lipread:(of a deaf person) understand speech from observing a speaker's lip movements.
lipreading:(of a deaf person) understand speech from observing a speaker's lip movements.
lips:(of water) lap against.
lipstick:Colored cosmetic applied to the lips from a small solid stick.
lipsticks:Coloured cosmetic applied to the lips from a small solid stick.
liquefaction:The process of making something, especially a gas, liquid.
liquefied:Make or become liquid.
liquefy:Make or become liquid.
liqueur:A strong, sweet alcoholic liquor, usually drunk after a meal.
liqueurs:A strong, sweet alcoholic spirit, usually drunk after a meal.
liquid:A substance that flows freely but is of constant volume, having a consistency like that of water or oil.
liquidate:Wind up the affairs of (a company or firm) by ascertaining liabilities and apportioning assets.
liquidated:Wind up the affairs of (a business) by ascertaining liabilities and apportioning assets.
liquidating:Wind up the affairs of (a business) by ascertaining liabilities and apportioning assets.
liquidation:The process of liquidating a business.
liquidator:A person appointed to wind up the affairs of a company or firm.
liquidators:A person appointed to wind up the affairs of a company or firm.
liquidise:Convert (solid food) into a liquid or puree, typically by using a liquidizer.
liquidised:Convert (solid food) into a liquid or puree, typically by using a liquidizer.
liquidiser:A machine for liquidizing food or other material.
liquidising:Convert (solid food) into a liquid or puree, typically by using a liquidizer.
liquidity:The availability of liquid assets to a market or company.
liquids:A substance that flows freely but is of constant volume, having a consistency like that of water or oil.
liquify:Make or become liquid.
liquor:Alcoholic drink, especially distilled spirits.
liquorice:A sweet, chewy, aromatic black substance made by evaporation from the juice of a root and used as a sweet and in medicine.
liquors:Dress (leather) with grease or oil.
lira:The basic monetary unit of Italy (until replaced by the euro in 2002), notionally equal to 100 centesimos.
lire:(until the introduction of the euro in 2002) the basic monetary unit of Italy, notionally equal to 100 centesimos.
lisbon:The capital and chief port of Portugal, on the Atlantic coast at the mouth of the Tagus River; population 499,700 (2007). Portuguese name Lisboa.
lisp:A speech defect in which s is pronounced like th in thick and z is pronounced like th in this.
lisped:Speak with a lisp.
lisping:(of a voice or speech) characterized by a lisp.
lisps:Speak with a lisp.
lissom:(of a person or their body) thin, supple, and graceful.
lissome:(of a person or their body) thin, supple, and graceful.
list:Make a list of.
listed:Admitted for trading on a stock exchange.
listen:Give one's attention to a sound.
listened:Give one's attention to a sound.
listener:A person who listens, especially someone who does so in an attentive manner.
listeners:A person who listens, especially someone who does so in an attentive manner.
listening:Give one's attention to a sound.
listens:Give one's attention to a sound.
listeria:A type of bacterium which infects humans and other warm-blooded animals through contaminated food.
listing:A list or catalog.
listings:A list or catalogue.
listless:(of a person or their manner) lacking energy or enthusiasm.
lists:Make a list of.
lit:Provided with light or lighting; illuminated.
litanies:A series of petitions for use in church services or processions, usually recited by the clergy and responded to in a recurring formula by the people.
litany:A series of petitions for use in church services or processions, usually recited by the clergy and responded to in a recurring formula by the people.
litchi:A small rounded fruit with sweet white scented flesh, a large central stone, and a thin rough skin.
literacy:The ability to read and write.
literal:A misprint of a letter.
literalism:The interpretation of words in their usual or most basic sense.
literally:In a literal manner or sense; exactly.
literals:A misprint of a letter.
literary:Concerning the writing, study, or content of literature, especially of the kind valued for quality of form.
literate:A literate person.
literati:Well-educated people who are interested in literature.
literature:Written works, especially those considered of superior or lasting artistic merit.
literatures:Written works, especially those considered of superior or lasting artistic merit.
lithe:(especially of a person's body) thin, supple, and graceful.
lithium:The chemical element of atomic number 3, a soft silver-white metal. It is the lightest of the alkali metals.Lithium carbonate or another lithium salt, used as a mood-stabilizing drug.
lithograph:Print by lithography.
lithographic:Relating to or produced by lithography.
lithographs:Print by lithography.
lithography:The process of printing from a flat surface treated so as to repel the ink except where it is required for printing.
lithology:The study of the general physical characteristics of rocks.
lithosphere:The rigid outer part of the earth, consisting of the crust and upper mantle.
litigant:A person involved in a lawsuit.
litigants:A person involved in a lawsuit.
litigate:Go to law; be a party to a lawsuit.
litigating:Resort to legal action to settle a matter; be involved in a lawsuit.
litigation:The process of taking legal action.
litigious:Unreasonably prone to go to law to settle disputes.
litmus:A dye obtained from certain lichens that is red under acid conditions and blue under alkaline conditions.
litotes:Ironic understatement in which an affirmative is expressed by the negative of its contrary (e.g., you won't be sorry, meaning you'll be glad).
litre:A metric unit of capacity, formerly defined as the volume of one kilogram of water under standard conditions, now equal to 1,000 cubic centimetres (about 1.75 pints)
litres:A metric unit of capacity, formerly defined as the volume of one kilogram of water under standard conditions, now equal to 1,000 cubic centimetres (about 1.75 pints)
litter:Make (a place) untidy with rubbish or a large number of objects left lying about.
littered:Make (a place or area) untidy with rubbish or a large number of objects left lying about.
littering:Make (a place or area) untidy with rubbish or a large number of objects left lying about.
litters:Make (a place or area) untidy with rubbish or a large number of objects left lying about.
little:To a small extent.
littler:To a small extent.
littlest:To a small extent.
littoral:A region lying along a shore.
liturgical:Relating to liturgy or public worship.
liturgies:A form or formulary according to which public religious worship, especially Christian worship, is conducted.
liturgy:A form or formulary according to which public religious worship, especially Christian worship, is conducted.
livable:Worth living; enjoyable.
live:Remain alive.
liveable:Worth living.
lived:Remain alive.
livelier:Full of life and energy; active and outgoing.
liveliest:Full of life and energy; active and outgoing.
livelihood:A means of securing the necessities of life.
livelihoods:A means of securing the necessities of life.
liveliness:The quality of being outgoing, energetic, and enthusiastic.
lively:Full of life and energy; active and outgoing.
liven:Make or become more lively or interesting.
livened:Make or become more lively or interesting.
livening:Make or become more lively or interesting.
livens:Make or become more lively or interesting.
liver:A large lobed glandular organ in the abdomen of vertebrates, involved in many metabolic processes.
liveried:(of a servant or official) dressed in a special uniform.
liveries:A special uniform worn by a servant, an official, or a member of a City Company.
liverish:Slightly ill, as though having a disordered liver.
livers:A large lobed glandular organ in the abdomen of vertebrates, involved in many metabolic processes.
liverworts:A small flowerless green plant with leaflike stems or lobed leaves, occurring in moist habitats. Liverworts lack true roots and reproduce by means of spores released from capsules.
livery:Special uniform worn by a servant or official.
lives:The condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter, including the capacity for growth, reproduction, functional activity, and continual change preceding death.
livestock:Farm animals regarded as an asset.
livid:Furiously angry.
living:An income sufficient to live on or the means of earning it.
livings:An income sufficient to live on or the means of earning it.
lizard:A reptile that typically has a long body and tail, four legs, movable eyelids, and a rough, scaly, or spiny skin.
lizards:A reptile that typically has a long body and tail, four legs, movable eyelids, and a rough, scaly, or spiny skin.
llama:A domesticated pack animal of the camel family found in the Andes, valued for its soft woolly fleece.
llamas:A domesticated pack animal of the camel family found in the Andes, valued for its soft woolly fleece.
load:Put a load or large amount of something on or in (a vehicle, ship, container, etc.)
loaded:Carrying or bearing a load, especially a large one.
loader:A machine or person that loads something.
loaders:A machine or person that loads something.
loading:The application of a mechanical load or force to something.
loads:Fill (a vehicle, ship, container, etc.) with a large amount of something.
loaf:A quantity of bread that is shaped and baked in one piece and usually sliced before being eaten.
loafed:A quantity of bread that is shaped and baked in one piece and usually sliced before being eaten.
loafer:A person who idles time away.
loafers:A person who avoids work and spends their time idly.
loafing:A quantity of bread that is shaped and baked in one piece and usually sliced before being eaten.
loafs:A quantity of bread that is shaped and baked in one piece and usually sliced before being eaten.
loam:A fertile soil of clay and sand containing humus.
loamy:Denoting or relating to a fertile soil of clay and sand containing humus.
loan:Lend (a sum of money or item of property)
loaned:Lend (a sum of money or item of property)
loans:Lend (a sum of money or item of property)
loanword:A word adopted from a foreign language with little or no modification.
loanwords:A word adopted from a foreign language with little or no modification.
loath:Reluctant; unwilling.
loathe:Feel intense dislike or disgust for.
loathed:Feel intense dislike or disgust for.
loathes:Feel intense dislike or disgust for.
loathing:A feeling of intense dislike or disgust; hatred.
loathsome:Causing hatred or disgust; repulsive.
loaves:A quantity of bread that is shaped and baked in one piece and usually sliced before being eaten.
lob:Throw or hit (a ball or missile) in a high arc.
lobbed:Throw or hit (a ball or missile) in a high arc.
lobbied:Seek to influence (a legislator) on an issue.
lobbies:Seek to influence (a legislator) on an issue.
lobbing:Throw or hit (a ball or missile) in a high arc.
lobby:Seek to influence (a politician or public official) on an issue.
lobbying:Seek to influence (a legislator) on an issue.
lobbyist:A person who takes part in an organized attempt to influence legislators.
lobbyists:A person who takes part in an organized attempt to influence legislators.
lobe:A roundish and flattish part of something, typically each of two or more such parts divided by a fissure, and often projecting or hanging.
lobelia:A chiefly tropical or subtropical plant of the bellflower family, in particular an annual widely grown as a bedding plant. Some kinds are aquatic, and some grow as thick-trunked shrubs or trees on African mountains.
lobes:A roundish and flattish projecting or hanging part of something, typically one of two or more such parts divided by a fissure.
lobotomies:A surgical operation involving incision into the prefrontal lobe of the brain, formerly used to treat mental illness.
lobotomised:Perform a lobotomy on.
lobotomising:Perform a lobotomy on.
lobotomy:A surgical operation involving incision into the prefrontal lobe of the brain, formerly used to treat mental illness.
lobs:Throw or hit (a ball or missile) in a high arc.
lobster:A large marine crustacean with a cylindrical body, stalked eyes, and the first of its five pairs of limbs modified as pincers.
lobsters:Catch lobsters.
local:An inhabitant of a particular area or neighborhood.
locale:A place where something happens or is set, or that has particular events associated with it.
locales:A place where something happens or is set, or that has particular events associated with it.
localisation:The process of making something local in character or restricting it to a particular place.
localisations:The process of making something local in character or restricting it to a particular place.
localise:Restrict (something) to a particular place or part of the body.
localised:Restricted to a particular place or part of the body.
localises:Restrict (something) to a particular place or part of the body.
localising:Restrict (something) to a particular place or part of the body.
localities:The position or site of something.
locality:The position or site of something.
locally:With reference to a particular area or one's neighborhood.
locals:An inhabitant of a particular area or neighbourhood.
locate:Discover the exact place or position of.
located:Discover the exact place or position of.
locates:Discover the exact place or position of.
locating:Discover the exact place or position of.
location:A particular place or position.
locations:A particular place or position.
locative:The locative case.
locator:A device or system for locating something, typically by means of radio signals.
locators:A device or system for locating something, typically by means of radio signals.
loch:A lake.
lochs:A lake.
loci:A particular position or place where something occurs or is situated.
lock:Fasten or secure (something) with a lock.
lockage:The construction or use of locks on waterways.
locked:Fastened or secured with a lock.
locker:A small lockable closet or compartment, typically as one of a number placed together for public or general use, e.g., in schools, gymnasiums, or train stations.
lockers:A small lockable cupboard or compartment, typically as one of a number placed together for public use, e.g. in schools or railway stations.
locket:A small ornamental case, typically made of gold or silver, worn around a person's neck on a chain and used to hold things of sentimental value, such as a photograph or lock of hair.
locking:Fasten or secure (something) with a lock.
lockjaw:(especially in nonmedical use) tetanus.
lockout:The exclusion of employees by their employer from their place of work until certain terms are agreed to.
lockouts:The exclusion of employees by their employer from their place of work until certain terms are agreed to.
locks:Fasten or secure (something) with a lock.
locksmith:A person who makes and repairs locks.
loco:A locomotive.
locomote:Move from one place to another.
locomotion:Movement or the ability to move from one place to another.
locomotive:A powered rail vehicle used for pulling trains.
locomotives:A powered railway vehicle used for pulling trains.
locus:A particular position, point, or place.
locust:A large and mainly tropical grasshopper with strong powers of flight. It is usually solitary, but from time to time there is a population explosion, and it migrates in vast swarms that cause extensive damage to crops.
locusts:A large, mainly tropical grasshopper with strong powers of flight. It is usually solitary, but from time to time there is a population explosion and it migrates in vast swarms which cause extensive damage to vegetation.
lode:A vein of metal ore in the earth.
lodestar:A star that is used to guide the course of a ship, especially the Pole Star.
lodestone:A piece of magnetite or other naturally magnetized mineral, able to be used as a magnet.
lodge:Present (a complaint, appeal, claim, etc.) formally to the proper authorities.
lodged:(of a crop) flattened by wind or rain.
lodgement:A place in which a person or thing is located or lodged.
lodger:A roomer.
lodgers:A person who rents accommodation in another person's house.
lodges:Present (a complaint, appeal, claim, etc.) formally to the proper authorities.
lodging:A place in which someone lives or stays temporarily.
loess:A loosely compacted yellowish-gray deposit of windblown sediment of which extensive deposits occur, e.g., in eastern China and the American Midwest.
loft:Kick, hit, or throw (a ball or missile) high up.
lofted:(of a ball) kicked or hit with a high trajectory.
loftier:Of imposing height.
loftiest:Of imposing height.
lofts:Kick, hit, or throw (a ball or missile) high up.
lofty:Of imposing height.
log:Enter (an incident or fact) in the log of a ship or aircraft or in another systematic record.
loganberries:An edible dull-red soft fruit, considered to be a hybrid of a raspberry and an American dewberry.
loganberry:An edible dull-red soft fruit, considered to be a hybrid of a raspberry and an American dewberry.
logarithm:A quantity representing the power to which a fixed number (the base) must be raised to produce a given number.
logarithmic:Relating to or expressed in terms of logarithms.
logarithms:Enter (an incident or fact) in the log of a ship or aircraft or in another systematic record.
logbook:An official record of events during the voyage of a ship or aircraft.
logbooks:An official record of events during the voyage of a ship or aircraft.
logged:Enter (an incident or fact) in the log of a ship or aircraft or in another systematic record.
logger:A person who fells trees for timber; a lumberjack.
loggerheads:A reddish-brown turtle with a very large head, occurring chiefly in warm seas.
loggers:A person who fells trees for timber; a lumberjack.
logging:The activity or business of felling trees and cutting and preparing the timber.
logic:Reasoning conducted or assessed according to strict principles of validity.
logical:Of or according to the rules of logic or formal argument.
logically:According to the rules of logic or formal argument.
logician:An expert in or student of logic.
logicians:An expert in or student of logic.
logistic:Relating to logistics.
logistical:Relating to or involving organization and planning.
logistically:In a way that relates to logistics.
logistics:The detailed coordination of a complex operation involving many people, facilities, or supplies.
logjam:A crowded mass of logs blocking a river.
logo:A symbol or other design adopted by an organization to identify its products, uniform, vehicles, etc.
logos:The Word of God, or principle of divine reason and creative order, identified in the Gospel of John with the second person of the Trinity incarnate in Jesus Christ.
logs:Enter (an incident or fact) in the log of a ship or aircraft or in another systematic record.
loin:The part of the body on both sides of the spine between the lowest (false) ribs and the hipbones.
loincloth:A single piece of cloth wrapped round the hips, typically worn by men in some hot countries as their only garment.
loins:The part of the body on both sides of the spine between the lowest (false) ribs and the hip bones.
loire:A river in west central France. The country's longest river, it rises in the Massif Central and flows 630 miles (1,015 km) north and west to the Atlantic Ocean at the town of Saint-Nazaire.
loiter:Stand or wait around idly or without apparent purpose.
loitered:Stand or wait around without apparent purpose.
loitering:Stand or wait around without apparent purpose.
loiters:Stand or wait around without apparent purpose.
loll:Sit, lie, or stand in a lazy, relaxed way.
lolled:Sit, lie, or stand in a lazy, relaxed way.
lollies:A lollipop or ice lolly.
lolling:Sit, lie, or stand in a lazy, relaxed way.
lollipop:A flat, rounded candy on the end of a stick.
lollipops:A large, flat, rounded boiled sweet on the end of a stick.
lolly:A lollipop or Popsicle.
london:The capital of the United Kingdom, situated in southeastern England on the River Thames; population (Greater London) 7,619,800 (est. 2008).
londoner:A native or inhabitant of London.
lone:Having no companions; solitary or single.
lonelier:Sad because one has no friends or company.
loneliest:Sad because one has no friends or company.
loneliness:Sadness because one has no friends or company.
lonely:Sad because one has no friends or company.
loner:A person who prefers not to associate with others.
loners:A person that prefers not to associate with others.
lonesome:Solitary or lonely.
long:For a long time.
longed:For a long time.
longer:For a long time.
longest:For a long time.
longevity:Long life.
longhand:Ordinary handwriting (as opposed to shorthand, typing, or printing)
longing:A yearning desire.
longingly:With a yearning desire.
longings:A yearning desire.
longish:Fairly long.
longitude:The angular distance of a place east or west of the meridian at Greenwich, England, or west of the standard meridian of a celestial object, usually expressed in degrees and minutes.
longitudes:The angular distance of a place east or west of the Greenwich meridian, or west of the standard meridian of a celestial object, usually expressed in degrees and minutes.
longitudinal:Running lengthwise rather than across.
longs:For a long time.
longstanding:Having existed or continued for a long time.
longsuffering:Having or showing patience in spite of troubles, especially those caused by other people.
loo:A bathroom or toilet.
look:Direct one's gaze toward someone or something or in a specified direction.
lookalike:A person or thing that closely resembles another, especially someone who looks very similar to a famous person.
lookalikes:A person or thing that closely resembles another, especially someone who looks very similar to a famous person.
looked:Direct one's gaze toward someone or something or in a specified direction.
looker:A person who looks.
lookers:A person who looks.
looking:Having a specified appearance.
lookout:A place from which to keep watch or view landscape.
lookouts:A place from which to keep watch or view the landscape.
looks:Direct one's gaze toward someone or something or in a specified direction.
loom:An apparatus for making fabric by weaving yarn or thread.
loomed:An apparatus for making fabric by weaving yarn or thread.
looming:An apparatus for making fabric by weaving yarn or thread.
looms:An apparatus for making fabric by weaving yarn or thread.
loon:A silly or foolish person.
loony:A crazy or silly person.
loop:Form (something) into a loop or loops; encircle.
looped:Form (something) into a loop or loops; encircle.
loophole:Make arrow slits in (a wall or building)
loopholes:Make arrow slits in (a wall)
looping:Form (something) into a loop or loops; encircle.
loops:Form (something) into a loop or loops; encircle.
loopy:Crazy or silly.
loose:Set free; release.
loosed:Set free; release.
loosely:In a way that is not firmly or tightly fixed or held together.
loosen:Make (something tied, fastened, or fixed in place) less tight or firm.
loosened:Make (something tied, fastened, or fixed in place) less tight or firm.
loosening:Make (something tied, fastened, or fixed in place) less tight or firm.
loosens:Make (something tied, fastened, or fixed in place) less tight or firm.
looser:Set free; release.
looses:Set free; release.
loosest:Set free; release.
loosing:Set free; release.
loot:Steal goods from (a place), typically during a war or riot.
looted:Steal goods from (a place), typically during a war or riot.
looter:A person who steals goods, typically during a war or riot.
looters:A person who steals goods, typically during a war or riot.
looting:Steal goods from (a place), typically during a war or riot.
loots:Steal goods from (a place), typically during a war or riot.
lop:Cut off (a branch, limb, or other protrusion) from the main body of a tree.
lope:Run or move with a long bounding stride.
loped:Walk or run with a long bounding stride.
lopes:Walk or run with a long bounding stride.
loping:Characterized by long, bounding strides.
lopped:Cut off (a branch, limb, or twig) from the main body of a tree.
loppers:A cutting tool, especially for pruning trees.
lopping:Cut off (a branch, limb, or twig) from the main body of a tree.
lopsided:With one side lower or smaller than the other.
loquacious:Tending to talk a great deal; talkative.
loquacity:The quality of talking a great deal; talkativeness.
lord:Act in a superior and domineering manner toward (someone)
lording:Act in a superior and domineering manner towards (someone)
lordly:Of, characteristic of, or suitable for a lord.
lords:Act in a superior and domineering manner towards (someone)
lordship:Supreme power or rule.
lore:A body of traditions and knowledge on a subject or held by a particular group, typically passed from person to person by word of mouth.
lorelei:A rock on the bank of the Rhine, held by legend to be the home of a siren whose song lures boatmen to destruction.
lorries:A large, heavy motor vehicle for transporting goods or troops; a truck.
lorry:A large, heavy motor vehicle for transporting goods or troops; a truck.
lorryload:An amount of something that can be carried in one lorry.
lorryloads:An amount of something that can be carried in one lorry.
lose:Be deprived of or cease to have or retain (something)
loser:A person or thing that loses or has lost something, especially a game or contest.
losers:A person or thing that loses or has lost something, especially a game or contest.
loses:Be deprived of or cease to have or retain (something)
losing:Suffering, resulting in, or relating to defeat in a game or contest.
loss:The fact or process of losing something or someone.
losses:The fact or process of losing something or someone.
lost:past and past participle of lose
lot:A particular group, collection, or set of people or things.
loth:Reluctant; unwilling.
lotion:A thick, smooth liquid preparation designed to be applied to the skin for medicinal or cosmetic purposes.
lotions:A thick, smooth liquid preparation designed to be applied to the skin for medicinal or cosmetic purposes.
lots:Divide (items) into lots for sale at an auction.
lotteries:A means of raising money by selling numbered tickets and giving prizes to the holders of numbers drawn at random.
lottery:A means of raising money by selling numbered tickets and giving prizes to the holders of numbers drawn at random.
lotto:A lottery game similar to bingo.
lotus:Any of a number of large water lilies.
louche:Disreputable or sordid in a rakish or appealing way.
loud:With a great deal of volume.
louder:With a great deal of volume.
loudest:With a great deal of volume.
loudhailer:An electronic device used to amplify the sound of a person's voice so that it can be heard at a distance; a megaphone.
loudhailers:An electronic device used to amplify the sound of a person's voice so that it can be heard at a distance; a megaphone.
loudly:In a way that produces much noise.
loudspeaker:An apparatus that converts electrical impulses into sound, typically as part of a public address system or stereo equipment.
loudspeakers:An apparatus that converts electrical impulses into sound, typically as part of a public address system.
louis:A gold coin issued in France between 1640 and 1793.
lounge:Lie, sit, or stand in a relaxed or lazy way.
lounged:Lie, sit, or stand in a relaxed or lazy way.
lounger:A person spending their time lazily or in a relaxed way.
loungers:A comfortable chair for relaxing on, especially an outdoor chair that adjusts or extends, allowing a person to recline.
lounges:Lie, sit, or stand in a relaxed or lazy way.
lounging:Lie, sit, or stand in a relaxed or lazy way.
louse:Remove lice from.
lousiest:Very poor or bad.
lousy:Very poor or bad; disgusting.
lout:An uncouth and aggressive man or boy.
loutish:Uncouth and aggressive.
louts:An uncouth and aggressive man or boy.
louver:Each of a set of angled slats or flat strips fixed or hung at regular intervals in a door, shutter, or screen to allow air or light to pass through.
louvers:Each of a set of angled slats fixed or hung at regular intervals in a door, shutter, or screen to allow air or light to pass through.
louvre:The principal museum and art gallery of France, in Paris, housed in the former royal palace built by Francis I. The Louvre holds the Mona Lisa and the Venus de Milo.
louvres:Each of a set of angled slats fixed or hung at regular intervals in a door, shutter, or screen to allow air or light to pass through.
lovable:Inspiring or deserving love or affection.
love:Feel deep affection for (someone)
loveable:Inspiring or deserving love or affection.
lovebirds:A very small African and Madagascan parrot with mainly green plumage and typically a red or black face, noted for the affectionate behaviour of mated birds.
loved:Feel deep affection for (someone)
loveless:Having no feelings of love.
lovelier:An attractive woman.
lovelies:An attractive woman.
loveliest:An attractive woman.
loveliness:The quality of being very beautiful or attractive.
lovelorn:Unhappy because of unrequited love.
lovely:An attractive woman.
lovemaking:Sexual activity between lovers, especially sexual intercourse.
lover:A partner in a sexual or romantic relationship outside marriage.
lovers:A partner in a sexual or romantic relationship outside marriage.
loves:Feel deep affection for (someone)
lovesick:In love, or missing the person one loves, so much that one is unable to act normally.
lovestruck:Experiencing intense feelings of romantic love for someone; besotted or infatuated.
loving:Feeling or showing love or great care.
lovingly:With love or great care.
low:In or into a low position or state.
lower:In or into a lower position.
lowercase:Small letters as opposed to capital letters (uppercase)
lowered:In or into a lower position.
lowering:The action of moving someone or something in a downward direction.
lowers:In or into a lower position.
lowest:In or into a low position or state.
lowing:In or into a low position or state.
lowland:Low-lying country.
lowlands:Low-lying country.
lowlier:To a low degree; in a low manner.
lowliest:To a low degree; in a low manner.
lowly:To a low degree; in a low manner.
lows:In or into a low position or state.
loyal:Giving or showing firm and constant support or allegiance to a person or institution.
loyalist:A person who remains loyal to the established ruler or government, especially in the face of a revolt.
loyalists:A person who remains loyal to the established ruler or government, especially in the face of a revolt.
loyally:In a way that shows firm and constant support or allegiance to a person or institution.
loyalty:The quality of being loyal.
lozenge:A rhombus or diamond shape.
lozenges:A rhombus or diamond shape.
luanda:The capital of Angola, a port on the Atlantic coast; population 1,729,500 (est. 2006).
lubber:A big, clumsy person.
lubbers:A big, clumsy person.
lubricant:A substance, such as oil or grease, used for minimizing friction, especially in an engine or component.
lubricants:A substance used for lubricating an engine or component, such as oil or grease.
lubricate:Apply a substance such as oil or grease to (an engine or component) to minimize friction and allow smooth movement.
lubrication:The action of applying a substance such as oil or grease to an engine or component so as to minimize friction and allow smooth movement.
lubricious:Offensively displaying or intended to arouse sexual desire.
lucid:Expressed clearly; easy to understand.
lucidity:Clarity of expression; intelligibility.
lucifer:another name for Satan
luck:Success or failure apparently brought by chance rather than through one's own actions.
luckier:Having, bringing, or resulting from good luck.
luckiest:Having, bringing, or resulting from good luck.
luckily:It is fortunate that.
luckless:Having bad luck; unfortunate.
lucky:Having, bringing, or resulting from good luck.
lucrative:Producing a great deal of profit.
lucre:Money, especially when regarded as sordid or distasteful or gained in a dishonorable way.
ludicrous:So foolish, unreasonable, or out of place as to be amusing; ridiculous.
ludicrously:In a way that is so foolish, unreasonable, or out of place as to be amusing.
ludo:A simple game in which players move counters round a board according to throws of a dice.
lug:Carry or drag (a heavy or bulky object) with great effort.
luggage:Suitcases or other bags in which to pack personal belongings for traveling.
lugged:Carry or drag (a heavy or bulky object) with great effort.
lugging:Carry or drag (a heavy or bulky object) with great effort.
lugs:Carry or drag (a heavy or bulky object) with great effort.
lugubrious:Looking or sounding sad and dismal.
lukewarm:(of liquid or food that should be hot) only moderately warm; tepid.
lull:Calm or send to sleep, typically with soothing sounds or movements.
lullaby:Sing to (someone) to get them to go to sleep.
lulled:Calm or send to sleep, typically with soothing sounds or movements.
lulling:Calm or send to sleep, typically with soothing sounds or movements.
lulls:Calm or send to sleep, typically with soothing sounds or movements.
lulu:An outstanding example of a particular type of person or thing.
lumbago:Pain in the muscles and joints of the lower back.
lumbar:Relating to the lower part of the back.
lumber:Move in a slow, heavy, awkward way.
lumbered:Move in a slow, heavy, awkward way.
lumbering:Moving in a slow, heavy, awkward way.
lumberjack:A person who fells trees, cuts them into logs, or transports them to a sawmill.
lumbers:Move in a slow, heavy, awkward way.
lumen:The SI unit of luminous flux, equal to the amount of light emitted per second in a unit solid angle of one steradian from a uniform source of one candela.
luminaries:A person who inspires or influences others, especially one prominent in a particular sphere.
luminary:A person who inspires or influences others, especially one prominent in a particular sphere.
luminescence:The emission of light by a substance that has not been heated, as in fluorescence and phosphorescence.
luminescent:Emitting light not caused by heat.
luminosity:Luminous quality.
luminous:Full of or shedding light; bright or shining, especially in the dark.
lump:Put in an indiscriminate mass or group; treat as alike without regard for particulars.
lumped:Put in an indiscriminate mass or group; treat as alike without regard for particulars.
lumpen:(in Marxist contexts) uninterested in revolutionary advancement.
lumpier:Full of or covered with lumps.
lumpiest:Full of or covered with lumps.
lumping:Put in an indiscriminate mass or group; treat as alike without regard for particulars.
lumpish:Roughly or clumsily formed or shaped.
lumps:Put in an indiscriminate mass or group; treat as alike without regard for particulars.
lumpy:Full of or covered with lumps.
luna:A series of Soviet moon probes launched in 1959–76. They made the first hard and soft landings on the moon (1959 and 1966).
lunacy:The state of being a lunatic; insanity (not in technical use)
lunar:Of, determined by, or resembling the moon.
lunate:A crescent-shaped carpal bone situated in the center of the wrist and articulating with the radius.
lunatic:A mentally ill person (not in technical use).
lunatics:A person who is mentally ill (not in technical use).
lunch:Eat lunch.
lunched:Eat lunch.
luncheon:A formal lunch, or a formal word for lunch.
lunches:Eat lunch.
lunching:Eat lunch.
lunchtime:The time in the middle of the day when lunch is eaten.
lune:A crescent-shaped figure formed on a sphere or plane by two arcs intersecting at two points.
lung:Each of the pair of organs situated within the rib cage, consisting of elastic sacs with branching passages into which air is drawn, so that oxygen can pass into the blood and carbon dioxide be removed. Lungs are characteristic of vertebrates other than fish, though similar structures are present in some other animal groups.
lunge:Make a lunge.
lunged:Having lungs, especially of a specified kind.
lunges:Make a lunge.
lungfish:An elongated freshwater fish with one or two sacs which function as lungs, enabling it to breathe air. It lives in poorly oxygenated water and can estivate in mud for long periods to survive drought.
lunging:Make a lunge.
lungs:Each of the pair of organs situated within the ribcage, consisting of elastic sacs with branching passages into which air is drawn, so that oxygen can pass into the blood and carbon dioxide be removed. Lungs are characteristic of vertebrates other than fish, though similar structures are present in some other animal groups.
lupin:A plant of the pea family with deeply divided leaves and tall colourful tapering spikes of flowers.
lupines:A plant of the pea family with deeply divided leaves and tall colourful tapering spikes of flowers.
lupins:A plant of the pea family with deeply divided leaves and tall colourful tapering spikes of flowers.
lur:A Scandinavian S-shaped bronze trumpet dating from the Bronze Age.
lurch:Make an abrupt, unsteady, uncontrolled movement or series of movements; stagger.
lurched:Make an abrupt, unsteady, uncontrolled movement or series of movements; stagger.
lurchers:A cross-bred dog, typically a retriever, collie, or sheepdog crossed with a greyhound, of a kind originally used for hunting and by poachers for catching rabbits.
lurches:Make an abrupt, unsteady, uncontrolled movement or series of movements; stagger.
lurching:Make an abrupt, unsteady, uncontrolled movement or series of movements; stagger.
lure:Tempt (a person or animal) to do something or to go somewhere, especially by offering some form of reward.
lured:Tempt (a person or animal) to do something or to go somewhere, especially by offering some form of reward.
lures:A Scandinavian S-shaped bronze trumpet dating from the Bronze Age.
lurex:A type of yarn or fabric which incorporates a glittering metallic thread.
lurid:Very vivid in color, especially so as to create an unpleasantly harsh or unnatural effect.
luring:Tempt (a person or animal) to do something or to go somewhere, especially by offering some form of reward.
lurk:(of a person or animal) be or remain hidden so as to wait in ambush for someone or something.
lurked:Be or remain hidden so as to wait in ambush for someone or something.
lurker:A person who lurks, in particular a user of an internet message board or chat room who does not participate.
lurkers:A person who lurks, in particular a user of an internet message board or chat room who does not participate.
lurking:Remaining hidden so as to wait in ambush.
lurks:Be or remain hidden so as to wait in ambush for someone or something.
luscious:(of food or wine) having a pleasingly rich, sweet taste.
lush:(of vegetation) growing luxuriantly.
lusher:(of vegetation, especially grass) growing luxuriantly.
lushest:(of vegetation, especially grass) growing luxuriantly.
lust:Very strong sexual desire.
lusted:Have strong sexual desire for someone.
lustful:Having or showing strong feelings of sexual desire.
lustier:Healthy and strong; full of vigour.
lustiest:Healthy and strong; full of vigour.
lustily:In a strong, healthy, vigorous way; heartily.
lusting:Have strong sexual desire for someone.
lustre:A gentle sheen or soft glow.
lustreless:Not bright or shiny; dull.
lustrous:Having luster; shining.
lusts:Have strong sexual desire for someone.
lusty:Healthy and strong; full of vigor.
lute:A plucked stringed instrument with a long neck bearing frets and a rounded body with a flat front that is shaped like a halved egg.
lutes:A plucked stringed instrument with a long neck bearing frets and a rounded body with a flat front, rather like a halved egg in shape.
lux:The SI unit of illuminance, equal to one lumen per square meter.
luxuriant:(of vegetation) rich and profuse in growth; lush.
luxuriate:Enjoy oneself in a luxurious way; take self-indulgent delight.
luxurious:Extremely comfortable, elegant, or enjoyable, especially in a way that involves great expense.
luxury:The state of great comfort and extravagant living.
lychee:A small rounded fruit with sweet white scented flesh, a large central stone, and a thin rough skin.
lychees:A small rounded fruit with sweet white scented flesh, a large central stone, and a thin rough skin.
lye:A strongly alkaline solution, especially of potassium hydroxide, used for washing or cleansing.
lymph:A colorless fluid containing white blood cells, which bathes the tissues and drains through the lymphatic system into the bloodstream.
lymphatic:A vessel, similar to a vein, that conveys lymph in the body.
lymphocytes:A form of small leucocyte (white blood cell) with a single round nucleus, occurring especially in the lymphatic system.
lymphoid:Relating to or denoting the tissue responsible for producing lymphocytes and antibodies. This tissue occurs in the lymph nodes, thymus, tonsils, and spleen, and dispersed elsewhere in the body.
lymphoma:Cancer of the lymph nodes.
lynch:(of a mob) kill (someone), especially by hanging, for an alleged offense with or without a legal trial.
lynched:(of a group of people) kill (someone) for an alleged offence without a legal trial, especially by hanging.
lynches:(of a group of people) kill (someone) for an alleged offence without a legal trial, especially by hanging.
lynching:(of a group of people) kill (someone) for an alleged offence without a legal trial, especially by hanging.
lynchpin:A person or thing vital to an enterprise or organization.
lynx:A wild cat with yellowish-brown fur (sometimes spotted), a short tail, and tufted ears, found chiefly in the northern latitudes of North America and Eurasia.
lynxes:A wild cat with yellowish-brown fur (sometimes spotted), a short tail, and tufted ears, found chiefly in the northern latitudes of North America and Eurasia.
lyon:The chief herald of Scotland.
lyra:A small northern constellation (the Lyre), said to represent the lyre invented by Hermes. It contains the bright star Vega.
lyre:A stringed instrument like a small U-shaped harp with strings fixed to a crossbar, used especially in ancient Greece. Modern instruments of this type are found mainly in East Africa.
lyres:A stringed instrument like a small U-shaped harp with strings fixed to a crossbar, used especially in ancient Greece. Modern instruments of this type are found mainly in East Africa.
lyric:A lyric poem or verse.
lyrical:(of literature, art, or music) expressing the writer's emotions in an imaginative and beautiful way.
lyrically:In a manner which expresses emotions in an imaginative and beautiful way.
lyricism:An artist's expression of emotion in an imaginative and beautiful way; the quality of being lyrical.
lyricist:A person who writes the words to a popular song or musical.
lyrics:A lyric poem or verse.
lyrist:A person who plays the lyre.
lysine:A basic amino acid which is a constituent of most proteins. It is an essential nutrient in the diet of vertebrates.
mac:Macaroni.
macabre:Disturbing and horrifying because of involvement with or depiction of death and injury.
macaque:A medium-sized, chiefly forest-dwelling Old World monkey which has a long face and cheek pouches for holding food.
macaques:A medium-sized, chiefly forest-dwelling Old World monkey which has a long face and cheek pouches for holding food.
macaroni:A variety of pasta formed in narrow tubes.
macaroon:A light cookie made with egg white, sugar, and usually ground almonds or coconut.
macaroons:A light biscuit made with egg white, sugar, and ground almonds or coconut.
macaw:A large long-tailed parrot with brightly colored plumage, native to Central and South America.
macaws:A large long-tailed parrot with brightly coloured plumage, native to Central and South America.
mace:A heavy club, typically having a metal head and spikes.
maces:A staff of office, especially that which lies on the table in the House of Commons when the Speaker is in the chair, regarded as a symbol of the authority of the House.
machete:A broad, heavy knife used as an implement or weapon, originating in Central America and the Caribbean.
machetes:A broad, heavy knife used as an implement or weapon, originating in Central America and the Caribbean.
machination:A plot or scheme.
machinations:A plot or scheme.
machine:(especially in manufacturing) make or operate on with a machine.
machined:Made or processed by a machine.
machinery:Machines collectively.
machines:Make or operate on with a machine.
machinist:A person who operates a machine, especially a machine tool.
machinists:A person who operates a machine, especially a machine tool or a sewing machine.
machismo:Strong or aggressive masculine pride.
macho:A man who is aggressively proud of his masculinity.
macintosh:A full-length waterproof coat.
macintoshes:A full-length waterproof coat.
mackerel:A migratory surface-dwelling predatory fish, commercially important as a food fish.
mackintosh:A full-length waterproof coat.
mackintoshes:A full-length waterproof coat.
macro:A single instruction that expands automatically into a set of instructions to perform a particular task.
macrobiotic:Constituting, relating to, or following a diet of whole pure prepared foods that is based on Taoist principles of the balance of yin and yang.
macrocosm:The whole of a complex structure, especially the world or the universe, contrasted with a small or representative part of it.
macroeconomic:Relating to the branch of economics concerned with large-scale or general economic factors, such as interest rates and national productivity.
macroeconomics:The part of economics concerned with large-scale or general economic factors, such as interest rates and national productivity.
macromolecules:A molecule containing a very large number of atoms, such as a protein, nucleic acid, or synthetic polymer.
macron:A written or printed mark (¯) used to indicate a long vowel in some languages and phonetic transcription systems, or a stressed vowel in verse.
macrophage:A large phagocytic cell found in stationary form in the tissues or as a mobile white blood cell, especially at sites of infection.
macrophages:A large phagocytic cell found in stationary form in the tissues or as a mobile white blood cell, especially at sites of infection.
macroscopic:Visible to the naked eye; not microscopic.
mad:Very; extremely.
madam:Used to address or refer to a woman in a polite or respectful way.
madame:A title or form of address used of or to a French-speaking woman.
madams:Used to address or refer to a woman in a polite or respectful way.
madcap:An eccentric person.
madden:Make (someone) extremely annoyed.
maddening:Extremely annoying; infuriating.
maddeningly:In an extremely annoying way.
madder:A scrambling or prostrate Eurasian plant of the bedstraw family, with whorls of four to six leaves.
maddest:Very; extremely.
made:past and past participle of make
madeira:An island in the Atlantic Ocean off northwestern Africa, the largest of the Madeiras, a group of islands which constitutes an autonomous region of Portugal; population 247,161 (2007); capital, Funchal. Encountered by the Portuguese in 1419, the islands were occupied by the Spanish 1580–1640 and the British 1807–14.
mademoiselle:A title or form of address used of or to an unmarried French-speaking woman.
madhouse:A scene of extreme confusion or uproar.
madly:In a manner suggesting or characteristic of insanity.
madman:A man who is mentally ill.
madmen:A man who is mentally ill.
madness:The state of being mentally ill, especially severely.
madras:A strong, fine-textured cotton fabric, typically patterned with colorful stripes or checks.
madrid:The capital of Spain; population 3,213,271 (2008). Situated on a high plateau in the center of the country, it replaced Valladolid as capital in 1561.
madrigal:A part-song for several voices, especially one of the Renaissance period, typically arranged in elaborate counterpoint and without instrumental accompaniment. Originally used of a genre of 14th-century Italian songs, the term now usually refers to English or Italian songs of the late 16th and early 17th c., in a free style strongly influenced by the text.
madrigals:A part-song for several voices, especially one of the Renaissance period, typically unaccompanied and arranged in elaborate counterpoint.
madwoman:A woman who is mentally ill.
maelstrom:A powerful whirlpool in the sea or a river.
maestro:A distinguished musician, especially a conductor of classical music.
mafia:An organized international body of criminals, operating originally in Sicily and now especially in Italy and the US and having a complex and ruthless behavioral code.
mafiosi:A member of the Mafia or a similar criminal organization.
mag:A magazine (periodical)
magazine:A periodical publication containing articles and illustrations, typically covering a particular subject or area of interest.
magazines:A periodical publication containing articles and illustrations, often on a particular subject or aimed at a particular readership.
magenta:A light purplish red that is one of the primary subtractive colors, complementary to green.
maggot:A soft-bodied legless larva, especially that of a fly found in decaying matter.
maggots:A soft-bodied legless larva of a fly or other insect, found in decaying matter.
magi:The “wise men” from the East who brought gifts to the infant Jesus (Matt. 2:1), said in later tradition to be kings named Caspar, Melchior, and Balthasar who brought gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh.
magic:Move, change, or create by or as if by magic.
magical:Relating to, using, or resembling magic.
magically:Using or as if by magic.
magician:A person with magical powers.
magicians:A person with magical powers.
magics:Move, change, or create by or as if by magic.
magisterial:Having or showing great authority.
magistrate:A civil officer or lay judge who administers the law, especially one who conducts a court that deals with minor offenses and holds preliminary hearings for more serious ones.
magistrates:A civil officer who administers the law, especially one who conducts a court that deals with minor offences and holds preliminary hearings for more serious ones.
magma:Hot fluid or semifluid material below or within the earth's crust from which lava and other igneous rock is formed on cooling.
magmas:Hot fluid or semi-fluid material below or within the earth's crust from which lava and other igneous rock is formed on cooling.
magnanimity:The fact or condition of being magnanimous; generosity.
magnanimous:Generous or forgiving, especially toward a rival or less powerful person.
magnate:A wealthy and influential person, especially in business.
magnates:A wealthy and influential businessman or businesswoman.
magnesia:Magnesium oxide.
magnesium:The chemical element of atomic number 12, a silver-white metal of the alkaline earth series. It is used to make strong lightweight alloys, especially for the aerospace industry, and is also used in flashbulbs and pyrotechnics because it burns with a brilliant white flame.
magnet:A piece of iron (or an ore, alloy, or other material) that has its component atoms so ordered that the material exhibits properties of magnetism, such as attracting other iron-containing objects or aligning itself in an external magnetic field.
magnetic:Exhibiting or relating to magnetism.
magnetise:Give magnetic properties to; make magnetic.
magnetised:Give magnetic properties to; make magnetic.
magnetism:A physical phenomenon produced by the motion of electric charge, resulting in attractive and repulsive forces between objects.
magnetite:A gray-black magnetic mineral which consists of an oxide of iron and is an important form of iron ore.
magneto:A small electric generator containing a permanent magnet and used to provide high-voltage pulses, especially (formerly) in the ignition systems of internal combustion engines.
magnetohydrodynamical:Magnetohydrodynamic.
magnetohydrodynamics:The branch of physics that studies the behavior of an electrically conducting fluid (such as a plasma or molten metal) acted on by a magnetic field.
magnetometer:An instrument used for measuring magnetic forces, especially the earth's magnetism.
magnetometers:An instrument used for measuring magnetic forces, especially the earth's magnetism.
magnetosphere:The region surrounding the earth or another astronomical body in which its magnetic field is the predominant effective magnetic field.
magnetron:An electron tube for amplifying or generating microwaves, with the flow of electrons controlled by an external magnetic field.
magnets:A piece of iron or other material which has its component atoms so ordered that the material exhibits properties of magnetism, such as attracting other iron-containing objects or aligning itself in an external magnetic field.
magnification:The action or process of magnifying something or being magnified, especially visually.
magnificence:The quality of being magnificent.
magnificent:Impressively beautiful, elaborate, or extravagant; striking.
magnificently:In an extremely beautiful, elaborate, or impressive manner.
magnified:Make (something) appear larger than it is, especially with a lens or microscope.
magnifies:Make (something) appear larger than it is, especially with a lens or microscope.
magnify:Make (something) appear larger than it is, especially with a lens or microscope.
magnifying:Make (something) appear larger than it is, especially with a lens or microscope.
magniloquent:Using high-flown or bombastic language.
magnitude:The great size or extent of something.
magnolia:A tree or shrub with large, typically creamy-pink, waxy flowers. Magnolias are widely grown as ornamental trees.
magnolias:A tree or shrub with large, typically creamy-pink or -white, waxy flowers.
magnum:A wine bottle of twice the standard size, normally 11/2 liters.
magnums:A wine bottle of twice the standard size, normally 11/2 litres.
magpie:A long-tailed crow with boldly marked (or green) plumage and a raucous voice.
magpies:A long-tailed crow with boldly marked (or green) plumage and a noisy call.
mags:A magazine (periodical)
mahatma:(in South Asia) a person regarded with reverence or loving respect; a holy person or sage.
mahogany:Hard reddish-brown timber from a tropical tree, used for high-quality furniture.
maid:A female domestic servant.
maiden:A girl or young woman, especially an unmarried one.
maidenly:Relating to or appropriate to a maiden; demure.
maidens:An unmarried girl or young woman.
maids:A female domestic servant.
maidservant:A female domestic servant.
maidservants:A female domestic servant.
mail:Send (a letter or package) using the postal system.
mailbox:A private box into which mail is delivered, especially one mounted on a post at the entrance to a person's property.
mailed:Clothed or covered with mail.
mailer:The sender of a letter or package by mail.
mailing:The action or process of sending something by mail.
mailman:A person who is employed to deliver and collect letters and parcels.
mailmen:A person who is employed to deliver and collect letters and parcels; a postman.
mails:Send (a letter or parcel) by post.
mailshot:Send promotional material to (a large number of people)
mailshots:Send promotional material to (a large number of people)
maim:Wound or injure (someone) so that part of the body is permanently damaged.
maimed:Wound or injure (a person or animal) so that part of the body is permanently damaged.
maiming:Wound or injure (a person or animal) so that part of the body is permanently damaged.
maims:Wound or injure (a person or animal) so that part of the body is permanently damaged.
main:A principal pipe carrying water or gas to buildings, or taking sewage from them.
maine:A state in the northeastern US, on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean; population 1,316,456 (est. 2008); capital, Augusta. Visited by John Cabot in 1498 and colonized by England in the 17th and 18th centuries, it became the 23rd state of the US in 1820.
mainframe:A large high-speed computer, especially one supporting numerous workstations or peripherals.
mainframes:A large high-speed computer, especially one supporting numerous workstations or peripherals.
mainland:A large continuous extent of land that includes the greater part of a country or territory, as opposed to offshore islands and detached territories.
mainline:Inject (a drug) intravenously.
mainly:More than anything else.
mains:A principal pipe carrying water or gas to buildings, or taking sewage from them.
mainsail:The principal sail of a ship, especially the lowest sail on the mainmast in a square-rigged vessel.
mainspring:Something that plays a principal part in motivating or maintaining a movement, process, or activity.
mainstay:A person or thing on which something else is based or depends.
mainstays:A person or thing on which something else is based or depends.
mainstream:Bring (something) into the mainstream.
maintain:Cause or enable (a condition or state of affairs) to continue.
maintained:Cause or enable (a condition or situation) to continue.
maintainer:A person or thing that maintains something, in particular computer software.
maintainers:A person or thing that maintains something, in particular computer software.
maintaining:Cause or enable (a condition or situation) to continue.
maintains:Cause or enable (a condition or situation) to continue.
maintenance:The process of maintaining or preserving someone or something, or the state of being maintained.
maisonette:A set of rooms for living in, typically on two stories of a larger building and with its own entrance from outside.
maisonettes:A set of rooms for living in, typically on two storeys of a larger building and having a separate entrance.
maize:A Central American cereal plant that yields large grains set in rows on a cob; corn.
majestic:Having or showing impressive beauty or dignity.
majestically:With impressive beauty or scale.
majesties:Impressive beauty, scale, or stateliness.
majesty:Impressive stateliness, dignity, or beauty.
majolica:A kind of earthenware made in imitation of Italian maiolica, especially in England during the 19th century.
major:An army officer of high rank, in particular (in the US Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps) an officer ranking above captain and below lieutenant colonel.
majorities:The greater number.
majority:The greater number.
majors:Specialize in (a particular subject) at college or university.
make:Form (something) by putting parts together or combining substances; construct; create.
makeover:A complete transformation or remodeling of something, especially a person's hairstyle, makeup, or clothes.
maker:A person or thing that makes or produces something.
makers:A person or thing that makes or produces something.
makes:Form (something) by putting parts together or combining substances; create.
makeshift:A temporary substitute or device.
makeup:Cosmetics such as lipstick or powder applied to the face, used to enhance or alter the appearance.
makeweight:Something put on a scale to make up the required weight.
making:The process of making or producing something.
makings:The process of making or producing something.
malachite:A bright green mineral consisting of copper hydroxyl carbonate. It typically occurs in masses and fibrous aggregates with azurite and is capable of taking a high polish.
maladaptive:Not providing adequate or appropriate adjustment to the environment or situation.
maladies:A disease or ailment.
maladjusted:Failing or unable to cope with the demands of a normal social environment.
maladjustment:Failure to cope with the demands of a normal social environment.
maladministration:Inefficient or dishonest administration; mismanagement.
maladroit:Ineffective or bungling; clumsy.
malady:A disease or ailment.
malaise:A general feeling of discomfort, illness, or uneasiness whose exact cause is difficult to identify.
malaria:An intermittent and remittent fever caused by a protozoan parasite that invades the red blood cells. The parasite is transmitted by mosquitoes in many tropical and subtropical regions.
malathion:A synthetic organophosphorus compound that is used as an insecticide and is relatively harmless to plants and other animals.
malawi:A landlocked country in southern central Africa, in the Great Rift Valley, on the western shore of Lake Nyasa; population 17,200,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Lilongwe; official languages, English and Nyanja.
malay:A member of a people inhabiting Malaysia and Indonesia.
malayan:Relating to Malays, the Malay language, or Malaya (now part of Malaysia).
malays:A member of a people inhabiting Malaysia and Indonesia.
malaysia:A country in Southeast Asia; population 30,300,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Kuala Lumpur; languages, Malay (official), English, Tamil, Chinese dialects.
malcontent:A person who is dissatisfied and rebellious.
malcontents:A person who is dissatisfied and rebellious.
maldives:A country consisting of a chain of coral islands in the Indian Ocean southwest of Sri Lanka; population 364,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Maldivian; capital, Male.
male:A male animal or plant.
malefactor:A person who commits a crime or some other wrong.
malefactors:A person who commits a crime or some other wrong.
males:A male animal or plant.
malevolence:The state or condition of being malevolent.
malevolent:Having or showing a wish to do evil to others.
malformation:A deformity; an abnormally formed part of the body.
malformations:An abnormally formed part of the body.
malformed:(of a person or part of the body) abnormally formed; misshapen.
malfunction:(of a piece of equipment or machinery) fail to function normally or satisfactorily.
malfunctioned:(of a piece of equipment or machinery) fail to function normally.
malfunctioning:(of a piece of equipment or machinery) fail to function normally.
malfunctions:(of a piece of equipment or machinery) fail to function normally.
malice:The intention or desire to do evil; ill will.
malicious:Characterized by malice; intending or intended to do harm.
maliciously:In a manner characterized by malice or ill will; with intent to do harm.
malign:Speak about (someone) in a spitefully critical manner.
malignancy:The state or presence of a malignant tumor; cancer.
malignant:Malevolent.
maligned:Speak about (someone) in a spitefully critical manner.
maligning:Speak about (someone) in a spitefully critical manner.
maligns:Speak about (someone) in a spitefully critical manner.
malingerers:A person who malingers; a shirker.
malingering:Pretend to be ill in order to escape duty or work.
mall:A large building or series of connected buildings containing a variety of retail stores and typically also restaurants.
mallard:The most common duck of the northern hemisphere and the ancestor of most domestic ducks, the male having a dark green head and white collar.
mallards:The commonest duck of the northern hemisphere, the male having a dark green head and white collar.
malleable:(of a metal or other material) able to be hammered or pressed permanently out of shape without breaking or cracking.
mallet:A hammer with a large, usually wooden head, used especially for hitting a chisel.
mallets:A hammer with a large, usually wooden head.
mallow:A herbaceous plant with hairy stems, pink or purple flowers, and disk-shaped fruit. Several kinds are grown as ornamentals, and some are edible.
malls:A large enclosed shopping area from which traffic is excluded.
malnourished:Suffering from malnutrition.
malnourishment:Lack of proper nutrition, caused by not having enough to eat, not eating enough of the right things, or being unable to use the food that one does eat.
malnutrition:Lack of proper nutrition, caused by not having enough to eat, not eating enough of the right things, or being unable to use the food that one does eat.
malodorous:Smelling very unpleasant.
malpractice:Improper, illegal, or negligent professional activity or treatment, especially by a medical practitioner, lawyer, or public official.
malpractices:Improper, illegal, or negligent professional behaviour.
malt:Convert (grain) into malt.
malta:An island country in the central Mediterranean Sea, about 60 miles (100 km) south of Sicily; population 419,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Valletta; official languages, Maltese and English.
malted:Mixed with malt or a malt extract.
maltese:A native or inhabitant of Malta or a person of Maltese descent.
malting:Convert (grain) into malt.
maltreat:Treat (a person or animal) cruelly or with violence.
maltreated:Treat (a person or animal) cruelly or with violence.
maltreatment:Cruel or violent treatment of a person or animal; mistreatment.
malts:Convert (grain) into malt.
malty:Smelling or tasting of malt.
malva:A mallow; specifically a plant of the dicotyledonous genus Malva, of the family Malvaceae, the members of which are found chiefly in Europe and temperate Asia and are characterized by having an epicalyx of three bracts enclosing the calyx and one-seeded nutlets arranged in a flat whorl round a central axis. Also (in form Malva): the genus itself.
mama:One's mother (especially as a child's term)
mamas:One's mother (especially as a child's term)
mamba:A large, agile, highly venomous African snake.
mambas:A large, agile, highly venomous African snake.
mammal:A warm-blooded vertebrate animal of a class that is distinguished by the possession of hair or fur, the secretion of milk by females for the nourishment of the young, and (typically) the birth of live young.
mammalia:(In form Mammalia; with plural or singular agreement) the large class of vertebrate animals comprising the mammals; (with plural agreement, also mammalia) vertebrates of this class (collectively or individually), mammals.
mammalian:Relating to or denoting a mammal.
mammals:A warm-blooded vertebrate animal of a class that is distinguished by the possession of hair or fur, females that secrete milk for the nourishment of the young, and (typically) the birth of live young.
mammary:A breast.
mammoth:A large extinct elephant of the Pleistocene epoch, typically hairy with a sloping back and long curved tusks.
mammoths:A large extinct elephant of the Pleistocene epoch, typically hairy with a sloping back and long curved tusks.
mammy:One's mother (especially as a child's word)
man:(of personnel) work at, run, or operate (a place or piece of equipment) or defend (a fortification)
manacle:Fetter (a person or a part of the body) with manacles.
manacled:Confine (a person or part of the body) with manacles.
manacles:Confine (a person or part of the body) with manacles.
manage:Be in charge of (a company, establishment, or undertaking); administer; run.
manageable:Able to be managed, controlled, or accomplished without great difficulty.
managed:Be in charge of (a business, organization, or undertaking); run.
management:The process of dealing with or controlling things or people.
manager:A person responsible for controlling or administering all or part of a company or similar organization.
manageress:A female manager.
manageresses:A female manager of a shop, restaurant, etc.
managerial:Relating to management or managers, especially of a company or similar organization.
managers:A person responsible for controlling or administering an organization or group of staff.
manages:Be in charge of (a business, organization, or undertaking); run.
managing:Having executive or supervisory control or authority.
manatee:An aquatic mammal with a rounded tail flipper, living in shallow coastal waters and adjacent rivers of the tropical Atlantic.
manciple:An officer who buys provisions for a college, monastery, or other institution.
mandarin:The standard literary and official form of Chinese based on the Beijing dialect, spoken by over 730 million people.
mandarins:The standard literary and official form of Chinese, spoken by over 730 million people.
mandate:Give (someone) authority to act in a certain way.
mandated:Give (someone) authority to act in a certain way.
mandates:Give (someone) authority to act in a certain way.
mandating:Give (someone) authority to act in a certain way.
mandatory:Required by law or rules; compulsory.
mandible:The jaw or a jawbone, especially the lower jawbone in mammals and fishes.
mandibles:The jaw or a jawbone, especially the lower jawbone in mammals and fishes.
mandolin:A musical instrument resembling a lute, having paired metal strings plucked with a plectrum. It is played with a characteristic tremolo on long sustained notes.
mandolins:A musical instrument resembling a lute, having paired metal strings plucked with a plectrum. It has a characteristic tremolo when sustaining long notes.
mandrake:A Mediterranean plant of the nightshade family, with white or purple flowers and large yellow berries. It has a forked fleshy root that supposedly resembles the human form and was formerly widely used in medicine and magic, allegedly shrieking when pulled from the ground.
mandrill:A large West African baboon with a brightly colored red and blue face, the male having a blue rump.
mane:A growth of long hair on the neck of a horse, lion, or other animal.
manes:(in ancient Roman belief) the souls of dead ancestors, worshiped as benevolent spirits.
maneuver:Move skillfully or carefully.
manfully:In a manful way; bravely.
manganese:The chemical element of atomic number 25, a hard gray metal of the transition series. Manganese is an important component of special steels and magnetic alloys.The black dioxide of manganese as an industrial raw material or additive, especially in glassmaking.
mange:A skin disease of mammals caused by parasitic mites and occasionally communicable to humans. It typically causes severe itching, hair loss, and the formation of scabs and lesions.
manger:A long open box or trough for horses or cattle to eat from.
mangers:A long trough from which horses or cattle feed.
mangle:Severely mutilate, disfigure, or damage by cutting, tearing, or crushing.
mangled:Destroy or severely damage by tearing or crushing.
mangles:Destroy or severely damage by tearing or crushing.
mangling:Destroy or severely damage by tearing or crushing.
mango:A fleshy, oval, yellowish-red tropical fruit that is eaten ripe or used green for pickles or chutneys.
mangrove:A tree or shrub that grows in chiefly tropical coastal swamps that are flooded at high tide. Mangroves typically have numerous tangled roots above ground and form dense thickets.
mangroves:A tree or shrub which grows in tidal, chiefly tropical, coastal swamps, having numerous tangled roots that grow above ground and form dense thickets.
manhandle:Move (a heavy object) by hand with great effort.
manhandled:Move (a heavy object) by hand with great effort.
manhandling:Move (a heavy object) by hand with great effort.
manhole:A small covered opening in a floor, pavement, or other surface to allow a person to enter, especially an opening in a city street leading to a sewer.
manholes:A small covered opening in a paved area allowing access beneath, especially one leading to a sewer.
manhood:The state or period of being a man rather than a child.
manhunt:An organized search for a person, especially a criminal.
manhunts:An organized search for a criminal, suspect, or escaped prisoner.
mania:Mental illness marked by periods of great excitement or euphoria, delusions, and overactivity.
maniac:A person exhibiting extreme symptoms of wild behavior, especially when violent and dangerous.
maniacal:Exhibiting extremely wild or violent behavior.
maniacs:A person exhibiting extremely wild or violent behaviour.
manic:Relating to or affected by mania.
manicure:Give a manicure to.
manicured:Having had a manicure.
manifest:Display or show (a quality or feeling) by one's acts or appearance; demonstrate.
manifestation:An event, action, or object that clearly shows or embodies something, especially a theory or an abstract idea.
manifestations:An event, action, or object that clearly shows or embodies something abstract or theoretical.
manifested:Show (a quality or feeling) by one's acts or appearance; demonstrate.
manifesting:Show (a quality or feeling) by one's acts or appearance; demonstrate.
manifestly:In a way that is clear or obvious to the eye or mind.
manifesto:A public declaration of policy and aims, especially one issued before an election by a political party or candidate.
manifests:Show (a quality or feeling) by one's acts or appearance; demonstrate.
manifold:A pipe or chamber branching into several openings.
manifolds:A pipe or chamber branching into several openings.
manikin:A person who is very small, especially one not otherwise abnormal or deformed.
manila:The capital and chief port of the Philippines, on the island of Luzon; population 1,660,700 (est. 2007).
manipulate:Handle or control (a tool, mechanism, etc.), typically in a skillful manner.
manipulated:Handle or control (a tool, mechanism, information, etc.) in a skilful manner.
manipulates:Handle or control (a tool, mechanism, information, etc.) in a skilful manner.
manipulating:Handle or control (a tool, mechanism, information, etc.) in a skilful manner.
manipulation:The action of manipulating something in a skillful manner.
manipulations:The action of manipulating something in a skilful manner.
manipulative:Characterized by unscrupulous control of a situation or person.
manipulator:A person who controls or influences others in a clever or unscrupulous way.
manipulators:A person who controls or influences others in a clever or unscrupulous way.
mankind:Human beings considered collectively; the human race.
manliest:Having or denoting those good qualities traditionally associated with men, such as courage, strength, and spirit.
manliness:The traditional male quality of being brave and strong.
manly:Having or denoting those good qualities traditionally associated with men, such as courage and strength.
manmade:Made or caused by human beings (as opposed to occurring or being made naturally)
manna:(in the Bible) the substance miraculously supplied as food to the Israelites in the wilderness (Exod. 16).
manned:(of an aircraft or spacecraft) having a human crew.
mannequin:A dummy used to display clothes in a store window.
mannequins:A dummy used to display clothes in a shop window.
manner:A way in which a thing is done or happens.
mannered:Behaving in a specified way.
mannerism:A habitual gesture or way of speaking or behaving; an idiosyncrasy.
mannerisms:A habitual gesture or way of speaking or behaving.
mannerly:Well-mannered; polite.
manners:A way in which a thing is done or happens.
manning:(of personnel) work at, run, or operate (a place or piece of equipment) or defend (a fortification)
manoeuvrability:The quality of being easy to move or steer while in motion.
manoeuvrable:(of an aircraft, vehicle, or ship) able to be easily moved or steered while in motion.
manoeuvre:Move skilfully or carefully.
manoeuvred:Move skilfully or carefully.
manoeuvres:Move skilfully or carefully.
manoeuvring:Move skilfully or carefully.
manometer:An instrument for measuring the pressure acting on a column of fluid, especially one with a U-shaped tube of liquid in which a difference in the pressures acting in the two arms of the tube causes the liquid to reach different heights in the two arms.
manor:A large country house with lands; the principal house of a landed estate.
manors:A large country house with lands.(in England and Wales) a unit of land, originally a feudal lordship, consisting of a lord's demesne and lands rented to tenants.(in North America) an estate or district leased to tenants, especially one granted by royal charter in a British colony or by the Dutch governors of what is now New York State.
manpower:The number of people working or available for work or service.
manse:The house occupied by a minister of a Presbyterian church.
manservant:A male servant.
mansion:A large, impressive house.
mansions:A large, impressive house.
manslaughter:The crime of killing a human being without malice aforethought, or otherwise in circumstances not amounting to murder.
mantel:A mantelpiece or mantelshelf.
mantelpiece:A structure of wood, marble, or stone above and around a fireplace.
mantelpieces:A structure of wood, marble, or stone above and around a fireplace.
mantelshelf:A shelf above a fireplace.
mantis:A slender predatory insect related to the cockroach. It waits motionless for prey with its large spiky forelegs folded like hands in prayer.
mantissa:The part of a logarithm that follows the decimal point.
mantissas:The part of a logarithm after the decimal point.
mantle:Clothe in or as if in a mantle; cloak or envelop.
mantled:Cloak or envelop.
mantles:Cloak or envelop.
mantling:A piece of ornamental drapery depicted issuing from a helmet and surrounding a shield.
mantra:(originally in Hinduism and Buddhism) a word or sound repeated to aid concentration in meditation.
mantrap:A trap for catching people, especially trespassers or poachers.
mantraps:A trap for catching people, especially trespassers or poachers.
mantras:(originally in Hinduism and Buddhism) a word or sound repeated to aid concentration in meditation.
manual:A book of instructions, especially for operating a machine or learning a subject; a handbook.
manually:Using the hands.
manuals:A book giving instructions or information.
manufacture:Make (something) on a large scale using machinery.
manufactured:Produced on a large scale using machinery.
manufacturer:A person or company that makes goods for sale.
manufacturers:A person or company that makes goods for sale.
manufactures:Make (something) on a large scale using machinery.
manufacturing:The making of articles on a large scale using machinery; industrial production.
manure:Apply manure to (land)
manured:Apply manure to (land)
manures:Apply manure to (land)
manuring:Apply manure to (land)
manuscript:A book, document, or piece of music written by hand rather than typed or printed.
manuscripts:A book, document, or piece of music written by hand rather than typed or printed.
many:A large number of.
maoism:The communist doctrines of Mao Zedong as formerly practiced in China, having as a central idea permanent revolution and stressing the importance of the peasantry, small-scale industry, and agricultural collectivization.
maoist:A follower of the communist doctrines of Mao Zedong.
maoists:A follower of the communist doctrines of Mao Zedong.
maori:A member of the aboriginal people of New Zealand.
map:Represent (an area) on a map; make a map of.
maple:A tree or shrub with lobed leaves, winged fruits, and colorful autumn foliage, grown as an ornamental or for its timber or syrupy sap.
maples:A tree or shrub with lobed leaves, winged fruits, and colourful autumn foliage, grown as an ornamental or for its timber or syrupy sap.
mapped:Represent (an area) on a map; make a map of.
mapping:An operation that associates each element of a given set (the domain) with one or more elements of a second set (the range).
mappings:An operation that associates each element of a given set (the domain) with one or more elements of a second set (the range).
maps:Represent (an area) on a map; make a map of.
maputo:The capital and chief port of Mozambique, on the Indian Ocean in the southern part of the country; population 1,099,102 (2007).
maquettes:A sculptor's small preliminary model or sketch.
mar:Impair the appearance of; disfigure.
mara:A burrowing rodent of the cavy family, having long hindlimbs and greyish fur, native to South America.
marathon:A long-distance running race, strictly one of 26 miles 385 yards (42.195 km)
marathons:A long-distance running race, strictly one of 26 miles 385 yards (42.195 km)
marauding:Going about in search of things to steal or people to attack.
marble:Stain or streak (something) so that it looks like variegated marble.
marbled:Having a streaked and patterned appearance like that of variegated marble.
marbles:Stain or streak (something) so that it looks like marble.
march:Walk in a military manner with a regular measured tread.
marched:Walk in a military manner with a regular measured tread.
marcher:A person who marches, especially one taking part in a protest march.
marchers:A person taking part in a protest march.
marches:Walk in a military manner with a regular measured tread.
marching:Walk in a military manner with a regular measured tread.
marchioness:The wife or widow of a marquess.
mare:The female of a horse or other equine animal.
mares:The female of a horse or other equine animal.
margarine:A butter substitute made from vegetable oils or animal fats.
margin:Provide with an edge or border.
marginal:A plant that grows in water adjacent to the edge of land.
marginalia:Marginal notes.
marginalise:Treat (a person, group, or concept) as insignificant or peripheral.
marginally:To only a limited extent; slightly.
margins:Provide with an edge or border.
maria:The female of a horse or other equine animal.
marigold:A plant of the daisy family, typically with yellow, orange, or copper-brown flowers, that is widely cultivated as an ornamental.
marigolds:A plant of the daisy family with yellow, orange, or copper-brown flowers, cultivated as an ornamental.
marijuana:Cannabis, especially as smoked or consumed as a psychoactive (mind-altering) drug.
marina:A specially designed harbor with moorings for pleasure craft and small boats.
marinade:A sauce, typically made of oil, vinegar, spices, and herbs, in which meat, fish, or other food is soaked before cooking in order to flavor or soften it.
marinas:A specially designed harbour with moorings for pleasure yachts and small boats.
marinate:Soak (meat, fish, or other food) in a marinade.
marinated:Soak (meat, fish, or other food) in a marinade.
marine:A member of a body of troops trained to serve on land or at sea, in particular a member of the US Marine Corps.
mariner:A sailor.
mariners:A sailor.
marines:A member of a body of troops trained to serve on land or sea, in particular (in the UK) a member of the Royal Marines or (in the US) a member of the Marine Corps.
marionette:A puppet worked from above by strings attached to its limbs.
marital:Relating to marriage or the relationship of a married couple.
maritime:Connected with the sea, especially in relation to seafaring commercial or military activity.
mark:Make a visible impression or stain on.
marked:Having a visible mark.
markedly:To an extent which is clearly noticeable; significantly.
marker:An object used to indicate a position, place, or route.
markers:An object used to indicate a position, place, or route.
market:Advertise or promote (something)
marketable:Able or fit to be sold or marketed.
marketed:Advertise or promote (something)
marketeer:A person who sells goods or services in a market.
marketeers:A person who sells goods or services in a market.
marketer:A person or company that advertises or promotes something.
marketing:The action or business of promoting and selling products or services, including market research and advertising.
marketplace:An open space where a market is or was formerly held in a town.
markets:Advertise or promote (something)
marking:A mark or set of marks.
markings:A mark or set of marks.
marks:Make a visible impression or stain on.
marksman:A person skilled in shooting, especially with a pistol or rifle.
marksmanship:Skill in shooting.
marksmen:A person skilled in shooting.
markup:The amount added to the cost price of goods to cover overhead and profit.
markups:The amount added to the cost price of goods to cover overheads and profit.
marl:Apply marl to.
marls:Apply marl to.
marmalade:A preserve made from citrus fruit, especially bitter oranges, prepared like jam.
marmoset:A small Central and South American monkey with a silky coat and a long nonprehensile tail.
marmot:A heavily built, gregarious, burrowing rodent of both Eurasia and North America, typically living in mountainous country.
marmots:A heavily built, gregarious burrowing rodent of mountainous country in both Eurasia and North America.
maroon:A brownish-crimson color.
marooned:A brownish-red colour.
maroons:A brownish-red colour.
marque:A make of car, as distinct from a specific model.
marquee:A canopy projecting over the entrance to a theater, hotel, or other building.
marquees:A large tent used for social or commercial functions.
marques:A make of car, as distinct from a specific model.
marquess:A British nobleman ranking above an earl and below a duke.
marquis:(in some European countries) a nobleman ranking above a count and below a duke.
marred:Impair the quality or appearance of; spoil.
marriage:The legally or formally recognized union of two people as partners in a personal relationship (historically and in some jurisdictions specifically a union between a man and a woman)
marriageable:Fit, suitable, or attractive for marriage, especially in being of the right age.
marriages:The legally or formally recognized union of two people as partners in a personal relationship (historically and in some jurisdictions specifically a union between a man and a woman)
married:(of two people) united in marriage.
marries:Join in marriage.
marring:Impair the quality or appearance of; spoil.
marrow:A soft fatty substance in the cavities of bones, in which blood cells are produced (often taken as typifying strength and vitality).
marrows:A long white-fleshed gourd with green skin, which is eaten as a vegetable.
marry:Join in marriage.
marrying:Join in marriage.
mars:A small reddish planet which is the fourth in order from the sun and is periodically visible to the naked eye.
marsala:A dark, sweet fortified dessert wine that resembles sherry, produced in Sicily.
marsh:An area of low-lying land which is flooded in wet seasons or at high tide, and typically remains waterlogged at all times.
marshal:Arrange or assemble (a group of people, especially soldiers) in order.
marshalling:Assemble and arrange (a group of people, especially troops) in order.
marshals:Assemble and arrange (a group of people, especially troops) in order.
marshes:An area of low-lying land which is flooded in wet seasons or at high tide, and typically remains waterlogged at all times.
marshier:Characteristic of or resembling a marsh; waterlogged.
marshland:Land consisting of marshes.
marshmallow:A soft, chewy confection made with sugar and gelatin.
marshy:Characteristic of or resembling a marsh; waterlogged.
marsupial:A mammal of an order whose members are born incompletely developed and are typically carried and suckled in a pouch on the mother's belly. Marsupials are found mainly in Australia and New Guinea, although three families, including the opossums, live in America.
mart:A trade center or market.
marten:A chiefly arboreal weasel-like mammal found in Eurasia and North America, hunted for its fur in many northern countries.
martens:A semi-arboreal weasel-like mammal found in Eurasia and North America, hunted for its fur in some countries.
martial:Of or appropriate to war; warlike.
martian:A hypothetical or fictional inhabitant of Mars.
martians:A hypothetical or fictional inhabitant of Mars.
martin:A swift-flying insectivorous songbird of the swallow family, typically having a less strongly forked tail than a swallow.
martinet:A strict disciplinarian, especially in the armed forces.
martini:A cocktail made from gin (or vodka) and dry vermouth, typically garnished with an olive or a twist of lemon.
martins:A swift-flying insectivorous songbird of the swallow family, typically having a less strongly forked tail than a swallow.
martyr:Kill (someone) because of their beliefs.
martyrdom:The death or suffering of a martyr.
martyred:(of a person) having been martyred.
martyrs:Kill (someone) because of their beliefs.
martyry:A shrine or church erected in honor of a martyr.
marvel:Be filled with wonder or astonishment.
marvelled:Be filled with wonder or astonishment.
marvelling:Be filled with wonder or astonishment.
marvellous:Causing great wonder; extraordinary.
marvellously:In a wonderful or extraordinary manner.
marvels:Be filled with wonder or astonishment.
marxist:A supporter of the political and economic theories of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels.
mary:Mother of Jesus; known as the (Blessed) Virgin Mary, or St. Mary, or Our Lady. According to the Gospels, she was a virgin betrothed to Joseph and conceived Jesus by the power of the Holy Spirit. She has been venerated by Catholic and Orthodox Churches from earliest Christian times. Feast days, January 1 (Roman Catholic Church), March 25 (Annunciation), August 15 (Assumption), September 8 (Nativity), December 8 (Immaculate Conception).
marzipan:A sweet, yellowish paste of ground almonds, sugar, and egg whites, often colored and used to make small cakes or confections or as an icing for larger cakes.
mas:Carnival celebrations.
mascara:A cosmetic for darkening and thickening the eyelashes.
mascot:A person or thing that is supposed to bring good luck or that is used to symbolize a particular event or organization.
mascots:A person or thing that is supposed to bring good luck, especially one linked to a particular organization or event.
masculine:The male sex or gender.
masculinity:Qualities or attributes regarded as characteristic of men.
maser:A device using the stimulated emission of radiation by excited atoms to amplify or generate coherent monochromatic electromagnetic radiation in the microwave range.
mash:Reduce (food or other substance) to a uniform mass by crushing it.
mashed:(of a food or other substance) reduced to a pulpy mass by crushing.
masher:A utensil for mashing food.
mashing:Reduce (food or other substance) to a soft mass by crushing it.
mask:Cover (the face) with a mask.
masked:Wearing a mask on all or part of the face.
masking:Cover (the face) with a mask.
masks:Cover (the face) with a mask.
masochist:A person who derives sexual gratification from their own pain or humiliation.
masochistic:Deriving sexual gratification from one's own pain or humiliation.
mason:Build from or strengthen with stone.
masonic:Relating to Freemasons.
masonry:Stonework.
masons:Build from or strengthen with stone.
masque:A form of amateur dramatic entertainment, popular among the nobility in 16th- and 17th-century England, which consisted of dancing and acting performed by masked players.
masquerade:A false show or pretense.
masquerading:Pretend to be someone one is not.
masques:A form of amateur dramatic entertainment, popular among the nobility in 16th- and 17th-century England, which consisted of dancing and acting performed by masked players.
mass:Assemble or cause to assemble into a mass or as one body.
massacre:Deliberately and violently kill (a large number of people)
massacred:Deliberately and brutally kill (many people)
massacring:Deliberately and brutally kill (many people)
massage:Rub and knead (a person or part of the body) with the hands.
massaged:Rub and knead (a person or part of the body) with the hands.
massages:Rub and knead (a person or part of the body) with the hands.
massed:Assemble or cause to assemble into a single body or mass.
masses:Assemble or cause to assemble into a single body or mass.
masseur:A person, especially a man, who provides massages professionally.
masseurs:A person who provides massage professionally.
masseuse:A woman who provides massage professionally.
masseuses:A woman who provides massage professionally.
massif:A compact group of mountains, especially one that is separate from other groups.
massing:Assemble or cause to assemble into a single body or mass.
massive:Large and heavy or solid.
massively:On a vast scale.
mast:A tall upright post, spar, or other structure on a ship or boat, in sailing vessels generally carrying a sail or sails.
mastectomy:A surgical operation to remove a breast.
master:Acquire complete knowledge or skill in (an accomplishment, technique, or art)
masterclass:A class, especially in music, given by an expert to highly talented students.
mastered:Acquire complete knowledge or skill in (a subject, technique, or art)
masterful:Powerful and able to control others.
masterfully:In a powerful way that shows ability to control others.
mastering:Acquire complete knowledge or skill in (a subject, technique, or art)
masterly:Performed or performing in a very skillful and accomplished way.
mastermind:Plan and direct (an ingenious and complex scheme or enterprise)
masterminded:Plan and direct (an ingenious and complex scheme or enterprise)
masterminding:Plan and direct (an ingenious and complex scheme or enterprise)
masterpiece:A work of outstanding artistry, skill, or workmanship.
masters:Acquire complete knowledge or skill in (a subject, technique, or art)
masterwork:A masterpiece.
mastery:Comprehensive knowledge or skill in a subject or accomplishment.
masthead:Send (a sailor) to the masthead as a punishment.
masticating:Chew (food)
mastiff:A dog of a large, strong breed with drooping ears and pendulous lips.
mastitis:Inflammation of the mammary gland in the breast or udder, typically due to bacterial infection via a damaged nipple or teat.
mastodon:A large extinct elephant-like mammal of the Miocene to Pleistocene epochs, having teeth of a relatively primitive form and number.
mastoid:The mastoid process.
mastoids:The mastoid process.
masts:A tall upright post, spar, or other structure on a ship or boat, in sailing vessels generally carrying a sail or sails.
mat:Tangle (something, especially hair) in a thick mass.
matador:A bullfighter whose task is to kill the bull.
matadors:A bullfighter whose task is to kill the bull.
match:Correspond or cause to correspond in some essential respect; make or be harmonious.
matchbox:A small box in which matches are sold.
matched:Put together as being equal, similar, or complementary to each other.
matcher:A person who matches one thing with another.
matches:Correspond or cause to correspond in some essential respect; make or be harmonious.
matching:Corresponding in pattern, color, or design; complementary.
matchless:Unable to be equaled; incomparable.
matchmaking:The arranging of marriages or initiation of romantic relationships between others.
matchstick:The stem of a match, especially a wooden one.
mate:(of animals or birds) come together for breeding; copulate.
mated:(of animals or birds) come together for breeding; copulate.
mater:Mother.
material:The matter from which a thing is or can be made.
materialise:Become actual fact; happen.
materialising:Become actual fact; happen.
materialism:A tendency to consider material possessions and physical comfort as more important than spiritual values.
materialist:A person who considers material possessions and physical comfort as more important than spiritual values.
materialistic:Excessively concerned with material possessions; money-oriented.
materiality:The quality or character of being material or composed of matter.
materially:Substantially; considerably.
materials:The matter from which a thing is or can be made.
maternal:Relating to a mother, especially during pregnancy or shortly after childbirth.
maternity:Motherhood.
mates:(of animals or birds) come together for breeding; copulate.
math:Mathematics.
mathematical:Relating to mathematics.
mathematically:By means of mathematics; in mathematical terms.
mathematician:An expert in or student of mathematics.
mathematicians:An expert in or student of mathematics.
mathematics:The abstract science of number, quantity, and space. Mathematics may be studied in its own right (pure mathematics), or as it is applied to other disciplines such as physics and engineering (applied mathematics)
maths:Mathematics.
matinee:A performance in a theater or a showing of a movie that takes place in the daytime.
matinees:An afternoon performance in a theatre or cinema.
mating:The action of animals coming together to breed; copulation.
matings:The action of animals coming together to breed; copulation.
matins:A service of morning prayer in various churches, especially the Anglican Church.
matriarch:A woman who is the head of a family or tribe.
matriarchal:Relating to or denoting a form of social organization in which a woman is the head.
matriarchy:A system of society or government ruled by a woman or women.
matrices:The cultural, social, or political environment in which something develops.
matriculate:Be enrolled at a college or university.
matriculated:Be enrolled at a college or university.
matriculating:Be enrolled at a college or university.
matriculation:The action of matriculating at a college or university.
matrilineal:Of or based on kinship with the mother or the female line.
matrimonial:Relating to marriage or married people.
matrimony:The state or ceremony of being married; marriage.
matrix:An environment or material in which something develops; a surrounding medium or structure.
matrixes:The cultural, social, or political environment in which something develops.
matron:A woman in charge of domestic and medical arrangements at a boarding school or other establishment.
matronly:Denoting, relating to, or characteristic of a staid or conservatively dressed older married woman, especially one with a somewhat heavy build.
matrons:A woman in charge of domestic and medical arrangements at a boarding school or other institution.
mats:Tangle (something, especially hair) in a thick mass.
matt:Give a matt appearance to (something)
matte:Give a matte appearance to (something)
matted:(especially of hair or fur) tangled into a thick mass.
matter:Physical substance in general, as distinct from mind and spirit; (in physics) that which occupies space and possesses rest mass, especially as distinct from energy.
mattered:Be important or significant.
mattering:Be important or significant.
matters:Be important or significant.
matting:Material used for mats, especially coarse fabric woven from a natural fiber.
mattress:A fabric case filled with deformable or resilient material, used for sleeping on.
mattresses:A fabric case filled with soft, firm, or springy material, used for sleeping on.
maturation:The action or process of maturing.
mature:(of an organism) become physically mature.
matured:(of a person or thing) become fully grown or developed.
matures:(of a person or thing) become fully grown or developed.
maturing:(of a person or thing) become fully grown or developed.
maturity:The state, fact, or period of being mature.
maudlin:Self-pityingly or tearfully sentimental, often through drunkenness.
maul:(of an animal) wound (a person or animal) by scratching and tearing.
mauled:(of an animal) wound (a person or animal) by scratching and tearing.
mauler:A person's hand.
maulers:A person's hand.
mauling:An attack by an animal causing serious injury.
mauls:(of an animal) wound (a person or animal) by scratching and tearing.
mausoleum:A building, especially a large and stately one, housing a tomb or tombs.
mausoleums:A stately or impressive building housing a tomb or group of tombs.
mauve:A pale purple color.
maverick:An unorthodox or independent-minded person.
mavericks:An unorthodox or independent-minded person.
maw:The jaws or throat of a voracious animal.
mawkish:Sentimental in a feeble or sickly way.
maxi:A skirt, dress, or coat reaching to the ankle.
maxim:A short, pithy statement expressing a general truth or rule of conduct.
maxima:At the most.
maximal:Of or constituting a maximum; the highest or greatest possible.
maximality:The property of being maximal.
maximise:Make as large or great as possible.
maximised:Make as large or great as possible.
maximises:Make as large or great as possible.
maximising:Make as large or great as possible.
maxims:A short, pithy statement expressing a general truth or rule of conduct.
maximum:At the most.
may:Expressing possibility.
maya:The supernatural power wielded by gods and demons to produce illusions.
mayas:The supernatural power wielded by gods and demons.
maybe:Perhaps; possibly.
mayday:A distress signal using the word “Mayday”
mayflies:A short-lived slender insect with delicate transparent wings and two or three long filaments on the tail. It lives close to water, where the aquatic larvae develop.
mayflower:A name given to several plants that bloom in May, especially certain hepaticas and anemones and the trailing arbutus.
mayfly:A short-lived, slender insect with delicate, transparent wings and two or three long filaments on the tail. It lives close to water, where the chiefly herbivorous aquatic larvae develop.
mayhap:Perhaps; possibly.
mayhem:Violent or damaging disorder; chaos.
mayonnaise:A thick creamy dressing consisting of egg yolks beaten with oil and vinegar and seasoned.
mayor:The elected head of a city, town, or other municipality.
mayoral:Relating to a mayor.
mayoralty:The office of mayor.
mayoress:The wife of a mayor.
mayors:(in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland) the head of a town, borough, or county council, elected by council members and generally having purely ceremonial duties.
maypole:A painted pole, decorated with flowers, around which people traditionally dance on May Day, holding long ribbons that are attached to the top of the pole.
maze:Be dazed and confused.
mazes:Be dazed and confused.
mazier:Like a maze; labyrinthine.
maziest:Like a maze; labyrinthine.
mazurka:A lively Polish dance in triple time.
mazy:Like a maze; labyrinthine.
mbabane:The capital of eSwatini (Swaziland), in the north-western part of the country; population 78,000 (est. 2007).
me:Used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself as the object of a verb or preposition.
mead:An alcoholic drink of fermented honey and water.
meadow:A piece of grassland, especially one used for hay.
meadowland:Land used for the cultivation of grass for hay.
meadows:A piece of grassland, especially one used for hay.
meagre:(of something provided or available) lacking in quantity or quality.
meagreness:Lack of quantity or quality; inadequacy.
meal:Any of the regular occasions in a day when a reasonably large amount of food is eaten, such as breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
mealie:Corn, especially sweet corn.
mealies:A maize plant.
meals:Any of the regular occasions in a day when a reasonably large amount of food is eaten.
mealtime:The time at which a meal is eaten.
mealtimes:The time at which a meal is eaten.
mealy:Of, like, or containing meal.
mean:Intend to convey, indicate, or refer to (a particular thing or notion); signify.
meander:(of a river or road) follow a winding course.
meandered:(of a river or road) follow a winding course.
meandering:An act of following a winding course.
meanderings:An act of following a winding course.
meanders:(of a river or road) follow a winding course.
meaner:Intend to convey or refer to (a particular thing); signify.
meanest:Intend to convey or refer to (a particular thing); signify.
meanie:A mean or small-minded person.
meanies:A mean or small-minded person.
meaning:What is meant by a word, text, concept, or action.
meaningful:Having meaning.
meaningfully:In a way that has meaning.
meaningless:Having no meaning or significance.
meanings:What is meant by a word, text, concept, or action.
meanness:Unkindness, spitefulness, or unfairness.
means:An action or system by which a result is brought about; a method.
meant:Intend to convey or refer to (a particular thing); signify.
meantime:Meanwhile.
meanwhile:In the intervening period of time.
meany:A mean or small-minded person.
measles:An infectious viral disease causing fever and a red rash on the skin, typically occurring in childhood.
measly:Contemptibly small or few.
measurable:Something that can be quantified, especially a sports player's height and weight.
measure:Ascertain the size, amount, or degree of (something) by using an instrument or device marked in standard units or by comparing it with an object of known size.
measured:Having a slow, regular rhythm.
measureless:Having no bounds or limits; unlimited.
measurement:The action of measuring something.
measurements:The action of measuring something.
measures:Ascertain the size, amount, or degree of (something) by using an instrument or device marked in standard units.
measuring:Denoting an instrument or device used to ascertain the size, amount, or degree of something.
meat:The flesh of an animal (especially a mammal) as food.
meatball:A ball of ground or chopped meat, usually beef, with added seasonings.
meatballs:A ball of minced or chopped meat.
meatier:Full of or resembling meat.
meatiest:Full of or resembling meat.
meats:The flesh of an animal, typically a mammal or bird, as food (the flesh of domestic fowls is sometimes distinguished as poultry)
meaty:Consisting of or full of meat.
mecca:A city in western Saudi Arabia, an oasis town in the Red Sea region of Hejaz, east of Jiddah, considered by Muslims to be the holiest city of Islam; population 1,385,000 (est. 2007). The birthplace in AD 570 of the prophet Muhammad, it was the scene of his early teachings before his emigration to Medina in 622 (the Hegira). On Muhammad's return to Mecca in 630 it became the center of the new Muslim faith.
mechanic:A person who repairs and maintains machinery.
mechanical:The working parts of a machine, especially a car.
mechanically:By means of a machine or machinery.
mechanicals:The working parts of a vehicle.
mechanics:The branch of applied mathematics dealing with motion and forces producing motion.
mechanisation:The introduction of machines or automatic devices into a process, activity, or place.
mechanise:Introduce machines or automatic devices into (a process or place)
mechanised:Operated by or equipped with machines; having undergone a process of mechanization.
mechanising:Introduce machines or automatic devices into (a process or place)
mechanism:A system of parts working together in a machine; a piece of machinery.
mechanisms:A system of parts working together in a machine; a piece of machinery.
mechanist:A person who believes in the doctrine of mechanism.
mechanistic:Relating to theories which explain phenomena in purely physical or deterministic terms.
medal:Earn a medal, especially in an athletic contest.
medallion:A piece of jewelry in the shape of a medal, worn as a pendant.
medallions:A piece of jewellery in the shape of a medal, worn as a pendant.
medallist:An athlete or other person who is awarded a medal.
medallists:An athlete or other person who is awarded a medal.
medals:Win a medal in a sporting event.
meddle:Interfere in or busy oneself unduly with something that is not one's concern.
meddled:Interfere in something that is not one's concern.
meddles:Interfere in something that is not one's concern.
meddlesome:Fond of meddling; interfering.
meddling:Intrusive or unwarranted interference.
media:The main means of mass communication (broadcasting, publishing, and the internet) regarded collectively.
mediaeval:Relating to the Middle Ages.
medial:Situated in the middle.
median:The median value of a range of values.
medians:The median value of a range of values.
mediate:Intervene between people in a dispute in order to bring about an agreement or reconciliation.
mediated:Intervene in a dispute in order to bring about an agreement or reconciliation.
mediates:Intervene in a dispute in order to bring about an agreement or reconciliation.
mediating:Intervene in a dispute in order to bring about an agreement or reconciliation.
mediation:Intervention in a dispute in order to resolve it; arbitration.
mediator:A person who attempts to make people involved in a conflict come to an agreement; a go-between.
mediators:A person who attempts to make people involved in a conflict come to an agreement; a go-between.
medic:A medical practitioner or student.
medical:Relating to the science of medicine, or to the treatment of illness and injuries.
medically:In a way that relates to the science or practice of medicine.
medicals:An examination to assess a person's state of physical health or fitness.
medicate:Administer a drug to (someone)
medicated:Containing or impregnated with a drug.
medication:A substance used for medical treatment, especially a medicine or drug.
medications:A drug or other form of medicine that is used to treat or prevent disease.
medicinal:A medicinal substance.
medicine:The science or practice of the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease (in technical use often taken to exclude surgery)
medicines:The science or practice of the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease (in technical use often taken to exclude surgery)
medics:A medical practitioner or student.
medieval:Relating to the Middle Ages.
mediocre:Of only moderate quality; not very good.
mediocrity:The quality or state of being mediocre.
meditate:Think deeply or focus one's mind for a period of time, in silence or with the aid of chanting, for religious or spiritual purposes or as a method of relaxation.
meditated:Focus one's mind for a period of time, in silence or with the aid of chanting, for religious or spiritual purposes or as a method of relaxation.
meditates:Focus one's mind for a period of time, in silence or with the aid of chanting, for religious or spiritual purposes or as a method of relaxation.
meditating:Focus one's mind for a period of time, in silence or with the aid of chanting, for religious or spiritual purposes or as a method of relaxation.
meditation:The action or practice of meditating.
meditative:Of, involving, or absorbed in meditation or considered thought.
medium:An agency or means of doing something.
mediums:An agency or means of doing something.
medlar:A small bushy tree of the rose family.
medley:Make a medley of; intermix.
medleys:Make a medley of; intermix.
medulla:The inner region of an organ or tissue, especially when it is distinguishable from the outer region or cortex (as in a kidney, an adrenal gland, or hair)
medusa:A free-swimming sexual form of a coelenterate such as a jellyfish, typically having an umbrella-shaped body with stinging tentacles around the edge. In some species, medusae are a phase in the life cycle which alternates with a polypoid phase.
meek:Quiet, gentle, and easily imposed on; submissive.
meeker:Quiet, gentle, and easily imposed on; submissive.
meekest:Quiet, gentle, and easily imposed on; submissive.
meekly:In a quiet, gentle, and submissive manner.
meekness:The fact or condition of being meek; submissiveness.
meet:Come into the presence or company of (someone) by chance or arrangement.
meeter:A person who meets one or more others; specifically one who formally receives or welcomes a person or persons, especially as part of a job. Frequently in "meeter and greeter".
meeting:An assembly of people, especially the members of a society or committee, for discussion or entertainment.
meetings:An assembly of people for a particular purpose, especially for formal discussion.
meets:Arrange or happen to come into the presence or company of (someone)
mega:Extremely.
megabyte:A unit of information equal to 2²⁰ bytes or, loosely, one million bytes.
megabytes:A unit of information equal to one million or, strictly, 1,048,576 bytes.
megahertz:One million hertz, especially as a measure of the frequency of radio transmissions or the clock speed of a computer.
megalith:A large stone that forms a prehistoric monument (e.g., a menhir) or part of one (e.g., a stone circle or chamber tomb)
megalithic:Relating to or denoting prehistoric monuments made of or containing large stones.
megalomania:Obsession with the exercise of power, especially in the domination of others.
megalomaniac:A person who is obsessed with their own power.
megalomaniacs:A person who has an obsessive desire for power.
megaphone:Utter through, or as if through, a megaphone.
megastar:A very famous person, especially in the world of entertainment.
megaton:A unit of explosive power chiefly used for nuclear weapons, equivalent to one million tons of TNT.
megatons:A unit of explosive power chiefly used for nuclear weapons, equivalent to one million tons of TNT.
megavolt:A unit of electromotive force equal to one million volts.
megawatt:A unit of power equal to one million watts, especially as a measure of the output of a power station.
megawatts:A unit of power equal to one million watts, especially as a measure of the output of a power station.
meiosis:A type of cell division that results in four daughter cells each with half the number of chromosomes of the parent cell, as in the production of gametes and plant spores.
melancholia:Deep sadness or gloom; melancholy.
melancholic:Feeling or expressing pensive sadness.
melancholy:A feeling of pensive sadness, typically with no obvious cause.
melange:A mixture; a medley.
melanin:A dark brown to black pigment occurring in the hair, skin, and iris of the eye in people and animals. It is responsible for tanning of skin exposed to sunlight.
melanoma:A tumor of melanin-forming cells, especially a malignant tumor associated with skin cancer.
melanomas:A tumour of melanin-forming cells, especially a malignant tumour associated with skin cancer.
melatonin:A hormone secreted by the pineal gland which inhibits melanin formation and is thought to be concerned with regulating the reproductive cycle.
meld:Blend; combine.
melee:A confused fight, skirmish, or scuffle.
mellifluous:(of a voice or words) sweet or musical; pleasant to hear.
mellow:Make or become mellow.
mellowed:Make or become mellow.
mellowing:Make or become mellow.
mellows:Make or become mellow.
melodic:Of, having, or producing melody.
melodies:A sequence of single notes that is musically satisfying; a tune.
melodious:Of, producing, or having a pleasant tune; tuneful.
melodrama:A sensational dramatic piece with exaggerated characters and exciting events intended to appeal to the emotions.
melodramas:A sensational dramatic piece with exaggerated characters and exciting events intended to appeal to the emotions.
melodramatic:Relating to melodrama.
melody:A sequence of single notes that is musically satisfying.
melon:The large round fruit of a plant of the gourd family, with sweet pulpy flesh and many seeds.
melons:The large round fruit of a plant of the gourd family, with sweet pulpy flesh and many seeds.
melt:Make or become liquefied by heat.
meltdown:A disastrous event, especially a rapid fall in share prices.
melted:Having become liquefied by heating.
melting:The action or process of liquefying due to heat.
melts:Make or become liquefied by heat.
member:A person, animal, or plant belonging to a particular group.
members:A person, animal, or plant belonging to a particular group.
membership:The fact of being a member of a group.
memberships:The fact of being a member of a group.
membrane:A thin sheet of tissue or layer of cells acting as a boundary, lining, or partition in an organism.
membranes:A thin sheet of tissue or layer of cells acting as a boundary, lining, or partition in an organism.
memento:An object kept as a reminder or souvenir of a person or event.
memo:A written message, especially in business.
memoir:A historical account or biography written from personal knowledge or special sources.
memoirs:A historical account or biography written from personal knowledge.
memorabilia:Objects kept or collected because of their historical interest, especially those associated with memorable people or events.
memorable:Worth remembering or easily remembered, especially because of being special or unusual.
memorably:In a way that is worth remembering or easily remembered.
memoranda:A written message in business or diplomacy.
memorandum:A written message in business or diplomacy.
memorandums:A written message in business or diplomacy.
memorial:Something, especially a structure, established to remind people of a person or event.
memorials:A statue or structure established to remind people of a person or event.
memories:The faculty by which the mind stores and remembers information.
memorisation:The process of committing something to memory or learning something by heart.
memorise:Commit to memory; learn by heart.
memorised:Commit to memory; learn by heart.
memorises:Commit to memory; learn by heart.
memorising:Commit to memory; learn by heart.
memory:The faculty by which the mind stores and remembers information.
memphis:An ancient city in Egypt, whose ruins are situated on the Nile River about 10 miles (15 km) south of Cairo. It is the site of the pyramids of Saqqara and Giza and the Sphinx.
men:(of personnel) work at, run, or operate (a place or piece of equipment) or defend (a fortification)
menace:Threaten, especially in a malignant or hostile manner.
menaced:Be a threat or possible danger to.
menaces:Be a threat or possible danger to.
menacing:Suggesting the presence of danger; threatening.
menacingly:In a way that suggests the presence of danger; threateningly.
menagerie:A collection of wild animals kept in captivity for exhibition.
menarche:The first occurrence of menstruation.
mend:Repair (something that is broken or damaged)
mendacious:Not telling the truth; lying.
mendacity:Untruthfulness.
mended:Repair (something that is broken or damaged)
mendelevium:The chemical element of atomic number 101, a radioactive metal of the actinide series. It does not occur naturally and was first made in 1955 by bombarding einsteinium with helium ions.
mendicant:A beggar.
mending:Things to be repaired by sewing or darning.
mends:Repair (something that is broken or damaged)
menfolk:A group of men considered collectively, especially the men of a particular family or community.
menhir:A tall upright stone of a kind erected in prehistoric times in western Europe.
menhirs:A tall upright stone of a kind erected in prehistoric times in western Europe.
menial:A person with a menial job.
meningitis:Inflammation of the meninges caused by viral or bacterial infection and marked by intense headache and fever, sensitivity to light, and muscular rigidity, leading (in severe cases) to convulsions, delirium, and death.
meniscus:The curved upper surface of a liquid in a tube.
menopausal:Relating to, characteristic of, or undergoing the menopause.
menopause:The ceasing of menstruation.
menorah:A candelabrum used in Jewish worship, especially one with eight branches and a central socket used at Hanukkah.
menstrual:Relating to the menses or menstruation.
menstruating:(of a woman) discharge blood and other material from the lining of the uterus as part of the menstrual cycle.
menstruation:The process in a woman of discharging blood and other materials from the lining of the uterus at intervals of about one lunar month from puberty until menopause, except during pregnancy.
menswear:Clothes for men.
mental:Relating to the mind.
mentalities:The characteristic way of thinking of a person or group.
mentality:The characteristic attitude of mind or way of thinking of a person or group.
mentally:In a manner relating to the mind.
menthol:A crystalline compound with a cooling minty taste and odor, found in peppermint and other natural oils. It is used as a flavoring and in decongestants and analgesics.
mention:Refer to something briefly and without going into detail.
mentioned:Refer to (something) briefly and without going into detail.
mentioning:Refer to (something) briefly and without going into detail.
mentions:Refer to (something) briefly and without going into detail.
mentor:Advise or train (someone, especially a younger colleague)
mentors:Advise or train (someone, especially a younger colleague)
menu:A list of dishes available in a restaurant.
menus:A list of dishes available in a restaurant.
meow:The characteristic crying sound of a cat.
mercantile:A general store.
mercenaries:A professional soldier hired to serve in a foreign army.
mercenary:A professional soldier hired to serve in a foreign army.
merchandise:Promote the sale of (goods), especially by their presentation in retail outlets.
merchandising:The activity of promoting the sale of goods, especially by their presentation in retail outlets.
merchant:A person or company involved in wholesale trade, especially one dealing with foreign countries or supplying merchandise to a particular trade.
merchantability:The condition, state, or quality of being merchantable; saleability. (Chiefly in legal contexts.).
merchantable:Suitable for purchase or sale; marketable.
merchantman:A ship used in commerce; a vessel of the merchant marine.
merchantmen:A ship carrying merchandise.
merchants:A person or company involved in wholesale trade, especially one dealing with foreign countries or supplying goods to a particular trade.
mercies:Compassion or forgiveness shown towards someone whom it is within one's power to punish or harm.
merciful:Showing or exercising mercy.
mercifully:In a merciful manner.
merciless:Showing no mercy or pity.
mercilessly:In a way that shows no mercy.
mercurial:A drug or other compound containing mercury.
mercuric:Of mercury with a valence of two; of mercury(II)
mercury:The chemical element of atomic number 80, a heavy silvery-white metal which is liquid at ordinary temperatures.The column of mercury in a thermometer or barometer, or its height as indicating atmospheric temperature or pressure.Mercury or one of its compounds used medicinally, especially to treat syphilis.
mercy:Compassion or forgiveness shown toward someone whom it is within one's power to punish or harm.
mere:That is solely or no more or better than what is specified.
merely:Just; only.
merest:Used to emphasize how small or insignificant someone or something is.
meretricious:Apparently attractive but having in reality no value or integrity.
merge:Combine or cause to combine to form a single entity.
merged:Combine or cause to combine to form a single entity.
merger:A combination of two things, especially companies, into one.
mergers:A combination of two things, especially companies, into one.
merges:Combine or cause to combine to form a single entity.
merging:Combine or cause to combine to form a single entity.
meridian:A circle of constant longitude passing through a given place on the earth's surface and the terrestrial poles.
meridians:A circle of constant longitude passing through a given place on the earth's surface and the terrestrial poles.
meridional:A native or inhabitant of the south, especially the south of France.
meringue:An item of sweet food made by baking a mixture of stiffly beaten egg whites and sugar until crisp.
meringues:An item of sweet food made by baking a mixture of stiffly beaten egg whites and sugar until crisp.
merino:A sheep of a breed with long, fine wool.A soft woolen or wool-and-cotton material resembling cashmere, originally of merino wool.A fine woolen yarn.
merit:Deserve or be worthy of (something, especially reward, punishment, or attention)
merited:Deserve or be worthy of (reward, punishment, or attention)
meriting:Deserve or be worthy of (reward, punishment, or attention)
meritocracy:Government or the holding of power by people selected on the basis of their ability.
meritocratic:Relating to or characteristic of a society in which power is held by people selected according to merit.
meritocrats:An advocate of a society governed by people selected according to merit.
meritorious:Deserving reward or praise.
merits:Deserve or be worthy of (reward, punishment, or attention)
mermaid:A fictitious or mythical half-human sea creature with the head and trunk of a woman and the tail of a fish, conventionally depicted as beautiful and with long flowing golden hair.
mermaids:A mythical sea creature with the head and trunk of a woman and the tail of a fish, conventionally depicted as beautiful and with long flowing golden hair.
merman:The male equivalent of a mermaid.
mermen:The male equivalent of a mermaid.
meromorphic:Of a complex function: analytic everywhere on a given domain except at a set of isolated points.
merrier:Cheerful and lively.
merriest:Cheerful and lively.
merrily:In a cheerful way.
merriment:Gaiety and fun.
merry:Cheerful and lively.
merrymaking:The process of enjoying oneself with others, especially by dancing and drinking.
mescaline:A hallucinogenic and intoxicating compound present in mescal buttons from the peyote cactus.
mesh:(of the teeth of a gearwheel) lock together or be engaged with another gearwheel.
meshed:Having the form or appearance of a mesh or network.
meshes:(of the teeth of a gearwheel) be engaged with another gearwheel.
meshing:(of the teeth of a gearwheel) be engaged with another gearwheel.
mesmeric:Causing a person to become completely transfixed and unaware of anything else around them.
mesmerised:Capture the complete attention of (someone); transfix.
mesmerising:Capturing one's complete attention as if by magic.
mesolithic:The middle part of the Stone Age, between the Paleolithic and Neolithic.
meson:A subatomic particle which is intermediate in mass between an electron and a proton and transmits the strong interaction that binds nucleons together in the atomic nucleus.
mesons:A subatomic particle which is intermediate in mass between an electron and a proton and transmits the strong interaction that binds nucleons together in the atomic nucleus.
mesosphere:The region of the earth's atmosphere above the stratosphere and below the thermosphere, between about 30 and 50 miles (50 and 80 km) in altitude.
mesozoic:The era between the Paleozoic and Cenozoic eras or the system of rocks deposited during it.
mess:Make untidy or dirty.
message:Send a message to (someone), especially by email, text, app, or other electronic means.
messages:Send a message to (someone), especially by email, text, app, or other electronic means.
messaging:The sending and processing of messages by email, text, app, and similar electronic means.
messed:Make untidy or dirty.
messenger:Send (a document or package) by messenger.
messengers:Send (a document or package) by messenger.
messes:Make untidy or dirty.
messiah:The promised deliverer of the Jewish nation prophesied in the Hebrew Bible.
messier:Untidy or dirty.
messiest:Untidy or dirty.
messing:Make untidy or dirty.
messy:Untidy or dirty.
mestizo:(in Latin America) a man of mixed race, especially one having Spanish and indigenous descent.
met:The Metropolitan Opera House in New York City.
metabolic:Relating to or deriving from the metabolism of a living organism.
metabolise:(of the body or an organ) process (a substance) by metabolism.
metabolised:(of the body or an organ) process (a substance) by metabolism.
metabolises:(of the body or an organ) process (a substance) by metabolism.
metabolism:The chemical processes that occur within a living organism in order to maintain life.
metal:Make or mend (a road) with road metal.
metalanguage:A form of language or set of terms used for the description or analysis of another language.
metalled:(of a road) made or mended with road metal.
metallic:A paint, fiber, fabric, or color with a metallic sheen.
metallised:Coat with a thin layer of metal.
metallurgy:The branch of science and technology concerned with the properties of metals and their production and purification.
metals:Make or mend (a road) with road metal.
metalwork:The art of making things out of metal.
metamorphic:Denoting or relating to rock that has undergone transformation by heat, pressure, or other natural agencies, e.g. in the folding of strata or the nearby intrusion of igneous rocks.
metamorphism:Alteration of the composition or structure of a rock by heat, pressure, or other natural agency.
metamorphose:(of an insect or amphibian) undergo metamorphosis, especially into the adult form.
metamorphosed:(of an insect or amphibian) having undergone metamorphosis, especially into the adult form.
metamorphoses:(in an insect or amphibian) the process of transformation from an immature form to an adult form in two or more distinct stages.
metamorphosis:(in an insect or amphibian) the process of transformation from an immature form to an adult form in two or more distinct stages.
metaphor:A figure of speech in which a word or phrase is applied to an object or action to which it is not literally applicable.
metaphoric:Characteristic of or relating to metaphor; figurative.
metaphorical:Characteristic of or relating to metaphor; figurative.
metaphorically:In a way that uses or relates to metaphor; figuratively.
metaphors:A figure of speech in which a word or phrase is applied to an object or action to which it is not literally applicable.
metaphysical:The metaphysical poets.
metaphysics:The branch of philosophy that deals with the first principles of things, including abstract concepts such as being, knowing, substance, cause, identity, time, and space.
metastable:(of a state of equilibrium) stable provided it is subjected to no more than small disturbances.
metastasis:The development of secondary malignant growths at a distance from a primary site of cancer.
metastatic:Characterized or produced by metastasis.
metatarsal:Any of the bones of the foot (metatarsus).
meted:Dispense or allot justice, a punishment, or harsh treatment.
metempsychosis:The supposed transmigration at death of the soul of a human being or animal into a new body of the same or a different species.
meteor:A small body of matter from outer space that enters the earth's atmosphere, becoming incandescent as a result of friction and appearing as a streak of light.
meteoric:Relating to meteors or meteorites.
meteorite:A meteor that survives its passage through the earth's atmosphere such that part of it strikes the ground. More than 90 percent of meteorites are of rock, while the remainder consist wholly or partly of iron and nickel.
meteorites:A piece of rock or metal that has fallen to the earth's surface from outer space as a meteor. Over 90 per cent of meteorites are of rock while the remainder consist wholly or partly of iron and nickel.
meteorological:Relating to the branch of science concerned with the processes and phenomena of the atmosphere, especially as a means of forecasting the weather.
meteorologist:An expert in or student of meteorology; a weather forecaster.
meteorologists:An expert in or student of meteorology; a weather forecaster.
meteorology:The branch of science concerned with the processes and phenomena of the atmosphere, especially as a means of forecasting the weather.
meteors:A small body of matter from outer space that enters the earth's atmosphere, becoming incandescent as a result of friction and appearing as a streak of light.
meter:The SI base unit of length (equivalent to approximately 39.37 inches), first introduced as a unit of length in the metric system.
metered:Measured or regulated by means of a meter.
metering:Measurement or regulation by means of a meter.
methadone:A synthetic analgesic drug that is similar to morphine in its effects but longer acting, used as a substitute drug in the treatment of morphine and heroin addiction.
methane:A colorless, odorless flammable gas which is the main constituent of natural gas. It is the simplest member of the alkane series of hydrocarbons.
methanol:A toxic, colorless, volatile flammable liquid alcohol, originally made by distillation from wood and now chiefly by oxidizing methane.
methionine:A sulfur-containing amino acid that is a constituent of most proteins. It is an essential nutrient in the diet of vertebrates.
method:A particular form of procedure for accomplishing or approaching something, especially a systematic or established one.
methodical:Done according to a systematic or established form of procedure.
methodically:In an orderly or systematic manner.
methodological:Relating to the system of methods used in a particular area of study or activity.
methodologies:A system of methods used in a particular area of study or activity.
methodology:A system of methods used in a particular area of study or activity.
methods:A particular procedure for accomplishing or approaching something, especially a systematic or established one.
methyl:Of or denoting the alkyl radical —CH₃, derived from methane and present in many organic compounds.
methylated:Mixed or impregnated with methanol or methylated spirit.
methylene:The divalent radical or group —CH₂—, derived from methane by loss of two hydrogen atoms.
meticulous:Showing great attention to detail; very careful and precise.
meticulously:In a way that shows great attention to detail; very thoroughly.
metonymy:The substitution of the name of an attribute or adjunct for that of the thing meant, for example suit for business executive, or the track for horse racing.
metres:The SI base unit of length (equivalent to approximately 39.37 inches), first introduced as a unit of length in the metric system.
metric:A system or standard of measurement.
metrical:Relating to or composed in poetic meter.
metrics:The use or study of poetic meters; prosody.
metro:A subway system in a city, especially Paris.
metronome:A device used by musicians that marks time at a selected rate by giving a regular tick.
metronomes:A device used by musicians that marks time at a selected rate by giving a regular tick.
metropolis:The capital or chief city of a country or region.
metropolises:The capital or chief city of a country or region.
metropolitan:A bishop having authority over the bishops of a province, in particular (in Orthodox Churches) one ranking above archbishop and below patriarch.
mettle:A person's ability to cope well with difficulties or to face a demanding situation in a spirited and resilient way.
mew:(of a cat or some kinds of bird) make a characteristic high-pitched crying noise.
mewing:High-pitched cries characteristic of a cat or some kinds of bird.
mews:A row or street of houses or apartments that have been converted from stables or built to look like former stables.
mexican:A native or inhabitant of Mexico, or a person of Mexican descent.
mexicans:A native or inhabitant of Mexico, or a person of Mexican descent.
mexico:A country in southwestern North America, with extensive coastlines on the Gulf of Mexico and the Pacific Ocean, bordered by the US on the north; population 127,000,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Mexico City; language, Spanish (official).
mezzanine:A low story between two others in a building, typically between the ground and first floors.
miami:A city and port in southeastern Florida; population 413,201 (est. 2008). Its subtropical climate and miles of beaches make this and the resort island of Miami Beach, separated from the mainland by Biscayne Bay, a year-round holiday resort.
miasma:A highly unpleasant or unhealthy smell or vapor.
mica:A shiny silicate mineral with a layered structure, found as minute scales in granite and other rocks, or as crystals. It is used as a thermal or electrical insulator.
mice:(of a cat or owl) hunt for or catch mice.
micelles:An aggregate of molecules in a colloidal solution, such as those formed by detergents.
michigan:A state in the northern US, bordered on the west, north, and east by Lakes Michigan, Superior, Huron, and Erie; population 10,003,422 (est. 2008); capital, Lansing. It was acquired from Britain by the US in 1783, becoming the 26th state in 1837.
micro:short for microcomputer
microbe:A microorganism, especially a bacterium causing disease or fermentation.
microbes:A microorganism, especially a bacterium causing disease or fermentation.
microbial:Relating to or characteristic of a microorganism, especially a bacterium causing disease or fermentation.
microbiologist:An expert in or student of microbiology.
microbiologists:An expert in or student of microbiology.
microbiology:The branch of science that deals with microorganisms.
microchip:Implant a microchip under the skin of (a domestic animal) as a means of identification.
microchips:Implant a microchip under the skin of (a domestic animal) as a means of identification.
microcode:A very low-level instruction set which is stored permanently in a computer or peripheral controller and controls the operation of the device.
microcomputer:A small computer that contains a microprocessor as its central processor.
microcomputers:A small computer that contains a microprocessor as its central processor.
microcosm:A community, place, or situation regarded as encapsulating in miniature the characteristic qualities or features of something much larger.
microdensitometer:A densitometer for measuring the density of very small areas of a photographic image.
microdot:A microphotograph, especially of a printed or written document, that is only about 0.04 inch (1 mm) across.
microelectronics:The design, manufacture, and use of microchips and microcircuits.
microfarad:One millionth of a farad.
microfiche:Make a microfiche of (a newspaper, catalog, or other document)
microfilm:Make a microfilm of (a newspaper, catalog, or other document)
microfilming:Reproduce (a document) on microfilm.
micrograms:Microgram(s).
micrograph:A photograph taken by means of a microscope.
micrographs:A photograph taken by means of a microscope.
microgravity:Very weak gravity, as in an orbiting spacecraft.
microlight:A very small, light, one- or two-seater aircraft.
micrometer:A gauge that measures small distances or thicknesses between its two faces, one of which can be moved away from or toward the other by turning a screw with a fine thread.
micrometers:A gauge that measures small distances or thicknesses between its two faces, one of which can be moved away from or towards the other by turning a screw with a fine thread.
micrometres:A gauge that measures small distances or thicknesses between its two faces, one of which can be moved away from or towards the other by turning a screw with a fine thread.
micron:A unit of length equal to one millionth of a meter; a micrometer.
microns:A unit of length equal to one millionth of a metre; a micrometre.
microorganism:A microscopic organism, especially a bacterium, virus, or fungus.
microorganisms:A microscopic organism, especially a bacterium, virus, or fungus.
microphone:An instrument for converting sound waves into electrical energy variations which may then be amplified, transmitted, or recorded.
microphones:An instrument for converting sound waves into electrical energy variations which may then be amplified, transmitted, or recorded.
microprocessor:An integrated circuit that contains all the functions of a central processing unit of a computer.
microprocessors:An integrated circuit that contains all the functions of a central processing unit of a computer.
microprogram:Use microprogramming with (a computer); bring about by means of a microprogram.
microscope:An optical instrument used for viewing very small objects, such as mineral samples or animal or plant cells, typically magnified several hundred times.
microscopes:An optical instrument used for viewing very small objects, such as mineral samples or animal or plant cells, typically magnified several hundred times.
microscopic:So small as to be visible only with a microscope.
microscopy:The use of the microscope.
microsecond:One millionth of a second.
microseconds:One millionth of a second.
microsurgery:Intricate surgery performed using miniaturized instruments and a microscope.
microwave:Cook (food) in a microwave oven.
microwaved:Cook (food) in a microwave oven.
microwaves:Cook (food) in a microwave oven.
micturition:The action of urinating.
mid:Of or in the middle part or position of a range.
midair:A part or section of the air above ground level or above another surface.
midas:A king of Phrygia, who, according to one story, was given by Dionysus the power of turning everything he touched into gold.
midday:The middle of the day; noon.
middays:The middle of the day; noon.
midden:A dunghill or refuse heap.
middle:The point or position at an equal distance from the sides, edges, or ends of something.
middleaged:(of a person) aged about 45 to 65.
middleman:A person who buys goods from producers and sells them to retailers or consumers.
middlemen:A person who buys goods from producers and sells them to retailers or consumers.
middles:(in cricket, tennis, etc.) strike (the ball) with the middle of the bat, racket, or club.
middleweight:A weight in boxing and other sports intermediate between welterweight and light heavyweight.
middling:Fairly or moderately.
midfield:(in football, soccer, etc.) the central part of the field.
midfielder:(chiefly in soccer) a player in the central part of the field.
midfielders:(chiefly in soccer) a player in the central part of the field.
midge:A small two-winged fly that is often seen in swarms near water or marshy areas where it breeds.
midges:A small or minute two-winged fly that forms swarms and breeds near water or marshy areas.
midget:An extremely or unusually small person.
midgets:A very small person or thing.
midi:A woman's calf-length skirt, dress, or coat.
midland:The middle part of a country.
midlands:The middle part of a country.
midlife:The central period of a person's life, generally considered as the years from about 45 to 55.
midline:A median line or plane of bilateral symmetry, especially that of the body.
midmost:Situated in the very middle or nearest the middle.
midnight:Twelve o'clock at night.
midnights:Twelve o'clock at night.
midribs:A large strengthened vein along the midline of a leaf.
midriff:The region of the front of the body between the chest and the waist.
midship:The middle part of a ship or boat.
midshipman:A naval cadet in the US Navy.
midships:In the middle of a ship, either longitudinally or laterally.
midst:In the middle of.
midstream:The middle of a stream or river.
midsummer:The middle part of summer.
midway:In or toward the middle of something.
midweek:In the middle of the week.
midwicket:A fielding position on the leg side, level with the middle of the pitch.
midwife:Assist (a woman) during childbirth.
midwifery:The profession or practice of assisting women in childbirth.
midwinter:The middle part of winter.
midwives:Assist (a woman) during childbirth.
mien:A person's look or manner, especially one of a particular kind indicating their character or mood.
might:Used in reported speech, to express possibility or permission.Expressing a possibility based on an unfulfilled condition.Expressing annoyance about something that someone has not done.Expressing purpose.
mightier:Extremely.
mightiest:Extremely.
mightily:With a lot of force; fiercely.
mighty:Extremely.
migraine:A recurrent throbbing headache that typically affects one side of the head and is often accompanied by nausea and disturbed vision.
migraines:A recurrent throbbing headache that typically affects one side of the head and is often accompanied by nausea and disturbed vision.
migrant:A person who moves from one place to another, especially in order to find work or better living conditions.
migrants:A person who moves from one place to another, especially in order to find work or better living conditions.
migrate:(of an animal, typically a bird or fish) move from one region or habitat to another according to the seasons.
migrated:(of an animal, typically a bird or fish) move from one region or habitat to another according to the seasons.
migrates:(of an animal, typically a bird or fish) move from one region or habitat to another according to the seasons.
migrating:(of an animal, typically a bird or fish) move from one region or habitat to another according to the seasons.
migration:Seasonal movement of animals from one region to another.
migrations:Seasonal movement of animals from one region to another.
migratory:Denoting an animal that migrates.
mike:Place a microphone close to (someone or something) or in (a place)
mikes:Supply or equip with a microphone.
milady:Used to address or refer to an English noblewoman or great lady.
milan:An industrial city in northwestern, the capital of Lombardy region; population 1,295,705 (2008). A powerful city, particularly from the 13th to the 15th centuries, Milan is today a leading financial and commercial center. Italian name Milano.
mild:Not severe, serious, or harsh.
milder:A kind of dark beer not strongly flavoured with hops.
mildest:A kind of dark beer not strongly flavoured with hops.
mildew:Affect or be affected with mildew.
mildews:Affect or be affected with mildew.
mildewy:Affected by mildew; moldy.
mildly:In a mild manner, in particular without anger or severity.
mildness:Lack of intensity.
mile:By a great amount or a long way.
mileage:A number of miles traveled or covered.
mileages:A number of miles travelled or covered.
milepost:A marker set up to indicate how distant a particular place is.
mileposts:A marker set up to indicate how distant a particular place is.
miler:A person or horse trained specially to run a mile.
miles:By a great amount or a long way.
milestone:A stone set up beside a road to mark the distance in miles to a particular place.
milestones:A stone set up beside a road to mark the distance in miles to a particular place.
milieu:A person's social environment.
milieus:A person's social environment.
milieux:A person's social environment.
militancy:The use of confrontational or violent methods in support of a political or social cause.
militant:A militant person.
militants:A militant person.
militarily:In a military manner; by means of armed forces.
militarised:Equipped or supplied with soldiers or other miltary resources.
militarism:The belief or desire of a government or people that a country should maintain a strong military capability and be prepared to use it aggressively to defend or promote national interests.
militarist:A person who believes that a country should maintain a strong military capability.
militaristic:Advocating or pursuing an aggressive military policy; hawkish.
military:The armed forces of a country.
militate:(of a fact or circumstance) be a powerful or conclusive factor in preventing.
militated:(of a fact or circumstance) be a powerful or conclusive factor in preventing.
militates:(of a fact or circumstance) be a powerful or conclusive factor in preventing.
militating:(of a fact or circumstance) be a powerful or conclusive factor in preventing.
militia:A military force that is raised from the civil population to supplement a regular army in an emergency.
militiaman:A member of a militia.
militiamen:A member of a militia.
militias:A military force that is raised from the civil population to supplement a regular army in an emergency.
milk:Draw milk from (a cow or other animal), either by hand or mechanically.
milked:Draw milk from (a cow or other animal), either by hand or mechanically.
milker:A cow or other animal that is kept for milk, especially one of a specified productivity.
milkers:A cow or other animal that is kept for milk, especially one of a specified productivity.
milkier:Containing or mixed with a large amount of milk.
milkiest:Containing or mixed with a large amount of milk.
milking:Draw milk from (a cow or other animal), either by hand or mechanically.
milkmaid:A girl or woman who milks cows or does other work in a dairy.
milkmaids:A girl or woman who milks cows or does other work in a dairy.
milkman:A person who delivers and sells milk.
milkmen:A man who delivers and sells milk.
milks:Draw milk from (a cow or other animal), either by hand or mechanically.
milkshake:A cold drink made of milk, a sweet flavoring such as fruit or chocolate, and typically ice cream, whisked until it is frothy.
milkshakes:A cold drink made of milk, a sweet flavouring such as fruit or chocolate, and typically ice cream, whisked until it is frothy.
milky:Containing or mixed with a large amount of milk.
mill:Grind or crush (something) in a mill.
milled:Reduced to fine particles by grinding in a mill.
millenarian:A person who believes in the doctrine of the millennium.
millenarianism:The doctrine of or belief in a future (and typically imminent) thousand-year age of blessedness, beginning with or culminating in the Second Coming of Christ. It is central to the teaching of groups such as Plymouth Brethren, Adventists, Latter-day Saints (Mormons), and Jehovah's Witnesses.
millennia:A period of a thousand years, especially when calculated from the traditional date of the birth of Christ.
millennial:A person reaching young adulthood in the early 21st century.
millennium:A period of a thousand years, especially when calculated from the traditional date of the birth of Christ.
miller:A person who owns or works in a grain mill.
millers:A person who owns or works in a corn mill.
millet:A fast-growing cereal plant that is widely grown in warm countries and regions with poor soils. The numerous small seeds are used to make flour or alcoholic drinks.
millibars:One thousandth of a bar, the cgs unit of atmospheric pressure equivalent to 100 pascals.
milligram:One thousandth of a gram.
milligrams:One thousandth of a gram.
millilitres:One thousandth of a litre (0.002 pint).
millimetre:A metric unit of length equal to one thousandth of a metre.
millimetres:A metric unit of length equal to one thousandth of a metre.
milliner:A person who makes or sells women's hats.
milliners:A person who makes or sells women's hats.
millinery:Women's hats.
milling:(of a machine) designed to cut or shape metal using a rotating tool.
million:The number equivalent to the product of a thousand and a thousand; 1,000,000 or 10⁶
millionaire:A person whose assets are worth one million dollars or more.
millionaires:A person whose assets are worth one million pounds or dollars or more.
millionth:Constituting number one million in a sequence; 1,000,000th.
millionths:Constituting number one million in a sequence; 1,000,000th.
millipede:A myriapod invertebrate with an elongated body composed of many segments, most of which bear two pairs of legs. Most kinds are herbivorous and shun light, living in the soil or under stones and logs.
millipedes:A myriapod invertebrate with an elongated body composed of many segments, most of which bear two pairs of legs. Most kinds are herbivorous and shun light, living in the soil or under stones and logs.
millisecond:One thousandth of a second.
milliseconds:One thousandth of a second.
millpond:The pool that is created by a milldam and provides the head of water that powers a water mill.
mills:Grind (something) in a mill.
millstone:Each of two circular stones used for grinding grain.
millstones:Each of two circular stones used for grinding grain.
milord:Used to address or refer to an English nobleman, especially one traveling in Europe.
milt:The semen of a male fish.
mime:Use gesture and movement without words in the acting of (a play or role).
mimed:Use only gesture and movement to act out (a play or role)
mimeographed:Make a copy of (a document) with a mimeograph.
mimes:Use only gesture and movement to act out (a play or role)
mimetic:Relating to, constituting, or habitually practicing mimesis.
mimic:Imitate (someone or their actions or words), especially in order to entertain or ridicule.
mimicked:Imitate (someone or their actions or words), especially in order to entertain or ridicule.
mimicker:A person who imitates someone or their actions or words, especially in order to entertain or ridicule.
mimicking:Imitate (someone or their actions or words), especially in order to entertain or ridicule.
mimicry:The action or art of imitating someone or something, typically in order to entertain or ridicule.
mimics:Imitate (someone or their actions or words), especially in order to entertain or ridicule.
miming:Use only gesture and movement to act out (a play or role)
mimosa:An Australian acacia tree with delicate fernlike leaves and yellow flowers.
minaret:A tall slender tower, typically part of a mosque, with a balcony from which a muezzin calls Muslims to prayer.
minarets:A slender tower, typically part of a mosque, with a balcony from which a muezzin calls Muslims to prayer.
mince:Cut up or grind (food, especially meat) into very small pieces, typically in a machine with revolving blades.
minced:(of food, especially meat) cut up or ground into very small pieces.
mincemeat:A mixture of currants, raisins, sugar, apples, candied citrus peel, spices, and suet, typically baked in a pie.
minces:Cut up or grind (food, especially meat) into very small pieces, typically in a machine with revolving blades.
mincing:Affectedly dainty in manner or gait; effeminate (typically used of a man)
mind:Be distressed, annoyed, or worried by.
mindboggling:Overwhelming; startling.
minded:Inclined to think in a particular way.
mindedness:An inclination to think in a particular way.
minder:A person whose job it is to look after someone or something.
minders:A person whose job it is to look after someone or something.
mindful:Conscious or aware of something.
minding:Be distressed, annoyed, or worried by.
mindless:Acting or done without justification or concern for the consequences.
mindlessly:Without justification and with no concern for the consequences.
minds:Be distressed, annoyed, or worried by.
mindset:The established set of attitudes held by someone.
mine:Used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the speaker.
mined:Used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the speaker.
minefield:An area planted with explosive mines.
minefields:An area planted with explosive mines.
miner:A person who works in a mine.
mineral:A solid inorganic substance of natural occurrence.
mineralised:Convert (organic matter) wholly or partly into a mineral or inorganic material or structure.
mineralogy:The scientific study of minerals.
minerals:A solid, naturally occurring inorganic substance.
miners:A person who works in a mine.
mines:Used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the speaker.
mineshaft:A deep narrow vertical hole, or sometimes a horizontal tunnel, that gives access to a mine.
minestrone:A thick soup containing vegetables and pasta.
minesweeper:A ship or aircraft equipped for detecting and removing or destroying tethered explosive mines.
minesweepers:A ship or aircraft equipped for detecting and removing or destroying explosive mines.
mineworkers:A person who works in a mine, especially a coal mine.
mingle:Mix or cause to mix together.
mingled:Mix or cause to mix together.
mingles:Mix or cause to mix together.
mingling:Mix or cause to mix together.
mini:A very short skirt or dress.
miniature:Represent on a smaller scale; reduce to miniature dimensions.
miniatures:Represent on a smaller scale.
miniaturise:Make on a smaller or miniature scale.
miniaturised:Made on a smaller or miniature scale.
miniaturises:Make on a smaller or miniature scale.
miniaturising:Make on a smaller or miniature scale.
miniaturist:A painter of miniatures or an illuminator of manuscripts.
minibar:A refrigerator in a hotel room containing a selection of refreshments that are charged for on the bill if used by the occupant.
minibus:A small bus for about ten to fifteen passengers.
minibuses:A small bus for about ten to fifteen passengers.
minicab:A car that is used as a taxi but that must be ordered in advance because it is not licensed to pick up passengers who hail it in the street.
minicomputer:A computer of medium power, more than a microcomputer but less than a mainframe.
minicomputers:A computer of medium power, more than a microcomputer but less than a mainframe.
minify:To diminish in significance or importance; to regard or represent (something) as less significant than it really is; to depreciate, belittle.
minim:One sixtieth of a fluid dram, about one drop of liquid.
minima:The least or smallest amount or quantity possible, attainable, or required.
minimal:Of a minimum amount, quantity, or degree; negligible.
minimalism:A trend in sculpture and painting that arose in the 1950s and used simple, typically massive, forms.
minimalist:A person who advocates or practices minimalism in art or music.
minimalistic:A person who advocates or practises minimalism.
minimalists:A person who advocates or practises minimalism.
minimality:The quality or fact of being minimal.
minimally:To an extremely small extent; negligibly.
minimisation:The reduction of something, especially something undesirable, to the smallest possible amount or degree.
minimise:Reduce (something, especially something undesirable) to the smallest possible amount or degree.
minimised:Reduce (something, especially something undesirable) to the smallest possible amount or degree.
minimises:Reduce (something, especially something undesirable) to the smallest possible amount or degree.
minimising:Reduce (something, especially something undesirable) to the smallest possible amount or degree.
minimum:The least or smallest amount or quantity possible, attainable, or required.
mining:The process or industry of obtaining coal or other minerals from a mine.
minion:A follower or underling of a powerful person, especially a servile or unimportant one.
minions:A follower or underling of a powerful person, especially a servile or unimportant one.
miniskirt:A very short skirt.
minister:A member of the clergy, especially in Protestant churches.The superior of some religious orders.
ministered:Attend to the needs of (someone)
ministerial:Relating to a minister of religion.
ministering:Attend to the needs of (someone)
ministers:Attend to the needs of (someone)
ministration:The provision of assistance or care.
ministrations:The provision of assistance or care.
ministries:(in certain countries) a government department headed by a minister.
ministry:The work or vocation of a minister of religion.
mink:A small semiaquatic carnivore resembling the stoat, native to North America and Eurasia. The American mink is widely farmed for its fur, resulting in it becoming naturalized in many parts of Europe.
minke:A small rorqual whale with a dark gray back, white underparts, and pale markings on the fins and behind the head.
minks:A small semiaquatic carnivore resembling the stoat, native to North America and Eurasia. The American mink is widely farmed for its fur, resulting in it becoming naturalized in many parts of Europe.
minnow:A small freshwater Eurasian cyprinoid fish that typically forms large shoals.
minnows:A small freshwater Eurasian fish of the carp family, which typically forms large shoals.
minor:A person under the age of full legal responsibility.
minorities:The smaller number or part, especially a number or part representing less than half of the whole.
minority:The smaller number or part, especially a number that is less than half the whole number.
minors:Study as or qualify in a subsidiary subject at college or university.
minster:A large or important church, typically one of cathedral status in the north of England that was built as part of a monastery.
minstrel:A medieval singer or musician, especially one who sang or recited lyric or heroic poetry to a musical accompaniment for the nobility.
minstrels:A medieval singer or musician, especially one who sang or recited lyric or heroic poetry to a musical accompaniment for the nobility.
mint:An aromatic plant native to temperate regions of the Old World, several kinds of which are used as culinary herbs.
minted:Having a lot of money; rich.
minting:An aromatic plant native to temperate regions of the Old World, several kinds of which are used as culinary herbs.
mints:An aromatic plant native to temperate regions of the Old World, several kinds of which are used as culinary herbs.
minuet:A slow, stately ballroom dance for two in triple time, popular especially in the 18th century.
minuets:Dance a minuet.
minus:With the subtraction of.
minuscule:Minuscule script.
minuses:With the subtraction of.
minute:A period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour.
minuted:A period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour.
minutely:With great attention to detail; meticulously.
minutes:A period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour.
minutest:A period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour.
minutiae:The small, precise, or trivial details of something.
minx:An impudent, cunning, or boldly flirtatious girl or young woman.
minxes:An impudent, cunning, or boldly flirtatious girl or young woman.
miosis:Excessive constriction of the pupil of the eye.
miracle:A surprising and welcome event that is not explicable by natural or scientific laws and is therefore considered to be the work of a divine agency.
miracles:An extraordinary and welcome event that is not explicable by natural or scientific laws and is therefore attributed to a divine agency.
miraculous:Occurring through divine or supernatural intervention, or manifesting such power.
miraculously:In a way that suggests or resembles a miracle.
mirage:An optical illusion caused by atmospheric conditions, especially the appearance of a sheet of water in a desert or on a hot road caused by the refraction of light from the sky by heated air.
mirages:An optical illusion caused by atmospheric conditions, especially the appearance of a sheet of water in a desert or on a hot road caused by the refraction of light from the sky by heated air.
mire:Cause to become stuck in mud.
mired:Cause to become stuck in mud.
mires:Cause to become stuck in mud.
mirror:(of a reflective surface) show a reflection of.
mirrored:Having a surface like a mirror; reflective.
mirroring:The reflection or replication of something.
mirrors:(of a surface) show a reflection of.
mirth:Amusement, especially as expressed in laughter.
mirthful:Full of mirth; merry or amusing.
mirthless:(of a smile or laugh) lacking real amusement and typically expressing irony.
misadventure:An unfortunate incident; a mishap.
misaligned:Having an incorrect position or alignment.
misalignment:The incorrect arrangement or position of something in relation to something else.
misanthrope:A person who dislikes humankind and avoids human society.
misanthropes:A person who dislikes humankind and avoids human society.
misanthropic:Disliking humankind and avoiding human society.
misanthropists:A person who dislikes humankind and avoids human society.
misanthropy:A dislike of humankind.
misapply:Use (something) for the wrong purpose or in the wrong way.
misapprehension:A mistaken belief about or interpretation of something.
misapprehensions:A mistaken belief about or interpretation of something.
misappropriated:Dishonestly or unfairly take (something, especially money, belonging to another) for one's own use.
misappropriation:The action of misappropriating something; embezzlement.
misbegotten:Badly conceived, designed, or planned.
misbehave:(of a person, especially a child) fail to conduct oneself in a way that is acceptable to others; behave badly.
misbehaved:(of a person, especially a child) fail to conduct oneself in an acceptable way; behave badly.
misbehaves:(of a person, especially a child) fail to conduct oneself in an acceptable way; behave badly.
misbehaving:(of a person, especially a child) fail to conduct oneself in an acceptable way; behave badly.
misbehaviour:The action of misbehaving; bad behaviour.
miscalculate:Calculate (an amount, distance, or measurement) wrongly.
miscalculated:Calculate (an amount or measurement) wrongly.
miscalculation:An act of miscalculating; an error or misjudgment.
miscalculations:An act of miscalculating; an error or misjudgement.
miscarriage:The expulsion of a fetus from the womb before it is able to survive independently, especially spontaneously or as the result of accident.
miscarriages:The spontaneous or unplanned expulsion of a fetus from the womb before it is able to survive independently.
miscarried:(of a pregnant woman) experience a miscarriage.
miscarry:(of a pregnant woman) have a miscarriage.
miscarrying:(of a pregnant woman) experience a miscarriage.
miscast:Allot an unsuitable role to (a particular actor)
miscasting:Allot an unsuitable role to (an actor)
miscegenation:The interbreeding of people considered to be of different racial types.
miscellanea:Miscellaneous items, especially literary compositions, that have been collected together.
miscellaneous:(of items or people gathered or considered together) of various types or from different sources.
miscellanies:A group or collection of different items; a mixture.
miscellany:A group or collection of different items; a mixture.
mischance:Bad luck.
mischief:Playful misbehavior or troublemaking, especially in children.
mischievous:(of a person, animal, or their behavior) causing or showing a fondness for causing trouble in a playful way.
mischievously:In a way that shows a fondness for causing trouble in a playful way.
miscible:(of liquids) forming a homogeneous mixture when added together.
misclassified:Classify incorrectly; assign to the wrong category.
misconceived:Wrongly or badly planned or judged, typically because of faulty understanding.
misconception:A view or opinion that is incorrect because based on faulty thinking or understanding.
misconceptions:A view or opinion that is incorrect because based on faulty thinking or understanding.
misconduct:Behave in an improper or unprofessional manner.
misconstrued:Interpret (a person's words or actions) wrongly.
miscopying:Copy (something) incorrectly.
miscount:Count (something) incorrectly.
miscounted:Count (something) incorrectly.
miscounting:Count (something) incorrectly.
miscreant:A person who behaves badly or in a way that breaks the law.
miscreants:A person who has done something wrong or unlawful.
miscue:(in billiards and other games) fail to strike (the ball or a shot) properly.
miscues:(in snooker and other sports) fail to strike (the ball or a shot) properly.
misdate:Assign an incorrect date to (a document, event, or work of art)
misdeal:Make a mistake when dealing cards.
misdealing:Make a mistake when dealing cards.
misdeed:A wicked or illegal act.
misdeeds:A wicked or illegal act.
misdemeanour:A minor wrongdoing.
misdemeanours:A minor wrongdoing.
misdiagnosis:An incorrect diagnosis of an illness or other problem.
misdirect:Send (someone or something) to the wrong place or in the wrong direction.
misdirected:Direct to the wrong place or in the wrong direction.
misdirecting:Direct to the wrong place or in the wrong direction.
misdirection:The action or process of directing someone to the wrong place or in the wrong direction.
misdirections:The action or process of directing someone to the wrong place or in the wrong direction.
misdoing:A misdeed.
miser:A person who hoards wealth and spends as little money as possible.
miserable:(of a person) wretchedly unhappy or uncomfortable.
miserably:In a wretchedly unhappy manner.
miserliness:Excessive desire to save money; extreme meanness.
miserly:Of or characteristic of a miser.
misers:A person who hoards wealth and spends as little money as possible.
misery:A state or feeling of great distress or discomfort of mind or body.
misfield:(in cricket and rugby) field (a ball) badly or clumsily.
misfiled:File (a document) in the wrong place.
misfire:(of a gun or missile) fail to discharge or fire properly.
misfired:(of a gun or missile) fail to discharge or fire properly.
misfires:(of a gun or missile) fail to discharge or fire properly.
misfit:A person whose behavior or attitude sets them apart from others in an uncomfortably conspicuous way.
misfits:A person whose behaviour or attitude sets them apart from others in an uncomfortably conspicuous way.
misfortune:Bad luck.
misgive:(of a person's mind or heart) fill (that person) with doubt, apprehension, or foreboding.
misgiving:A feeling of doubt or apprehension about the outcome or consequences of something.
misgivings:A feeling of doubt or apprehension about the outcome or consequences of something.
misguide:Mislead.
misguided:Having or showing faulty judgment or reasoning.
mishandle:Manage or deal with (something) wrongly or ineffectively.
mishandled:Manage or deal with (something) wrongly or ineffectively.
mishandles:Manage or deal with (something) wrongly or ineffectively.
mishandling:Manage or deal with (something) wrongly or ineffectively.
mishap:An unlucky accident.
mishaps:An unlucky accident.
mishear:Fail to hear (a person or their words) correctly.
misheard:Fail to hear (a person or their words) correctly.
mishearing:Fail to hear (a person or their words) correctly.
mishears:Fail to hear (a person or their words) correctly.
mishitting:(in various sports) hit or kick (a ball) badly or in the wrong direction.
misinform:Give (someone) false or inaccurate information.
misinformation:False or inaccurate information, especially that which is deliberately intended to deceive.
misinformed:Give (someone) false or inaccurate information.
misinterpret:Interpret (something or someone) wrongly.
misinterpretation:The action of interpreting something wrongly.
misinterpretations:The action of interpreting something wrongly.
misinterpreted:Interpret (something or someone) wrongly.
misinterpreting:Interpret (something or someone) wrongly.
misinterprets:Interpret (something or someone) wrongly.
misjudge:Form a wrong opinion or conclusion about.
misjudged:Form a wrong opinion or conclusion about.
misjudgement:The action of forming a wrong opinion or conclusion about something.
misjudging:Form a wrong opinion or conclusion about.
mislabelled:Label wrongly.
mislaid:Unintentionally put (an object) where it cannot readily be found and so lose it temporarily.
mislay:Unintentionally put (an object) where it cannot readily be found and so lose it temporarily.
mislead:Cause (someone) to have a wrong idea or impression about someone or something.
misleading:Giving the wrong idea or impression.
misleadingly:In a way that gives the wrong idea or impression.
misleads:Cause (someone) to have a wrong idea or impression.
misled:Cause (someone) to have a wrong idea or impression.
mismanage:Manage (something) badly or wrongly.
mismanaged:Manage (something) badly or wrongly.
mismanagement:The process of managing something badly or wrongly.
mismatch:Match (people or things) unsuitably or incorrectly.
mismatched:Unsuitably or incorrectly matched.
mismatches:Match (people or things) unsuitably or incorrectly.
mismatching:Match (people or things) unsuitably or incorrectly.
misname:Give (something) a wrong or inappropriate name.
misnamed:Give a wrong or inappropriate name to.
misnomer:A wrong or inaccurate name or designation.
misnomers:A wrong or inaccurate name or designation.
misogynist:A person who dislikes, despises, or is strongly prejudiced against women.
misogynistic:Strongly prejudiced against women.
misogynists:A person who dislikes, despises, or is strongly prejudiced against women.
misogyny:Dislike of, contempt for, or ingrained prejudice against women.
misplace:Put in the wrong place and lose temporarily because of this; mislay.
misplaced:Incorrectly positioned.
misplaces:Put (an object) in the wrong place and so lose it temporarily.
misplacing:Put (an object) in the wrong place and so lose it temporarily.
misprint:Print (something) incorrectly.
misprinted:Print (something) incorrectly.
misprinting:Print (something) incorrectly.
misprints:Print (something) incorrectly.
mispronounced:Pronounce (a word) incorrectly.
mispronouncing:Pronounce (a word) incorrectly.
mispronunciation:Incorrect pronunciation of a word.
mispronunciations:Incorrect pronunciation of a word.
misquote:Quote (a person or a piece of written or spoken text) inaccurately.
misquoted:Quote (a person or a piece of written or spoken text) inaccurately.
misquotes:Quote (a person or a piece of written or spoken text) inaccurately.
misquoting:Quote (a person or a piece of written or spoken text) inaccurately.
misread:Read (a piece of text) wrongly.
misreading:Read (a piece of text) wrongly.
misremember:Remember imperfectly or incorrectly.
misremembered:Remember imperfectly or incorrectly.
misremembering:Remember imperfectly or incorrectly.
misrepresent:Give a false or misleading account of the nature of.
misrepresentation:The action or offense of giving a false or misleading account of the nature of something.
misrepresentations:The action or offence of giving a false or misleading account of the nature of something.
misrepresented:Give a false or misleading account of the nature of.
misrepresenting:Give a false or misleading account of the nature of.
misrepresents:Give a false or misleading account of the nature of.
misrule:Govern (a country or state) badly.
miss:Fail to hit, reach, or come into contact with (something aimed at)
missal:A book containing the texts used in the Catholic Mass throughout the year.
missals:A book containing the texts used in the Catholic Mass throughout the year.
missed:Fail to hit, reach, or come into contact with (something aimed at)
misses:Fail to hit, reach, or come into contact with (something aimed at)
misshapen:Not having the normal or natural shape or form.
missile:An object which is forcibly propelled at a target, either by hand or from a mechanical weapon.
missiles:An object which is forcibly propelled at a target, either by hand or from a mechanical weapon.
missing:(of a thing) not able to be found because it is not in its expected place.
mission:An important assignment carried out for political, religious, or commercial purposes, typically involving travel.
missionaries:A person sent on a religious mission, especially one sent to promote Christianity in a foreign country.
missionary:A person sent on a religious mission, especially one sent to promote Christianity in a foreign country.
missions:An important assignment given to a person or group of people, typically involving travel abroad.
missive:A letter, especially a long or official one.
missives:A letter, especially a long or official one.
missouri:A major river in North America, one of the main tributaries of the Mississippi River. It rises in the Rocky Mountains in Montana and flows 2,315 miles (3,736 km) to meet the Mississippi River just north of St. Louis.
misspell:Spell (a word) incorrectly.
misspelled:Spell (a word) wrongly.
misspelling:An incorrect spelling of a word.
misspellings:An incorrect spelling of a word.
misspells:Spell (a word) wrongly.
misspelt:Spell (a word) wrongly.
misspend:Spend (one's time or money) foolishly, wrongly, or wastefully.
misspent:(especially of time or money) foolishly, wrongly, or wastefully spent.
missteps:A clumsy or badly judged step.
missus:A person's wife.
missy:Used as an affectionate or disparaging form of address to a young girl.
mist:Cover or become covered with mist.
mistake:Be wrong about.
mistaken:Wrong in one's opinion or judgment.
mistakenly:In a mistaken way; wrongly.
mistakes:Be wrong about.
mistaking:Be wrong about.
misted:Cover or become covered with mist.
mistier:Full of, covered with, or accompanied by mist.
mistiest:Full of, covered with, or accompanied by mist.
mistime:Choose a bad or inappropriate moment to do or say (something)
mistimed:Done at an inappropriate moment; badly timed.
misting:Cover or become covered with mist.
mistletoe:A leathery-leaved parasitic plant which grows on apple, oak, and other broadleaf trees and bears white glutinous berries in winter.
mistook:Be wrong about.
mistranslated:Translate (something) incorrectly.
mistranslates:Translate (something) incorrectly.
mistranslating:Translate (something) incorrectly.
mistreat:Treat (a person or animal) badly, cruelly, or unfairly.
mistreated:Treat (a person or animal) badly, cruelly, or unfairly.
mistreating:Treat (a person or animal) badly, cruelly, or unfairly.
mistreatment:The action of mistreating or fact of being mistreated; ill-treatment.
mistress:A woman in a position of authority or control.
mistresses:A woman in a position of authority or control.
mistrust:Be suspicious of; have no confidence in.
mistrusted:Be suspicious of; have no confidence in.
mistrustful:Lacking in trust; suspicious.
mistrusting:Be suspicious of; have no confidence in.
mistrusts:Be suspicious of; have no confidence in.
mists:Cover or become covered with mist.
misty:Full of, covered with, or accompanied by mist.
mistype:Make a mistake in typing (a word or letter)
mistyped:Make a mistake in typing (a word or letter)
mistypes:Make a mistake in typing (a word or letter)
misunderstand:Fail to interpret or understand (something) correctly.
misunderstanding:A failure to understand something correctly.
misunderstandings:A failure to understand something correctly.
misunderstood:Incorrectly interpreted or understood.
misuse:Use (something) in the wrong way or for the wrong purpose.
misused:Use (something) in the wrong way or for the wrong purpose.
misuses:Use (something) in the wrong way or for the wrong purpose.
misusing:Use (something) in the wrong way or for the wrong purpose.
mite:A minute arachnid which has four pairs of legs when adult, related to the ticks. Many kinds live in the soil and a number are parasitic on plants or animals.
mites:A minute arachnid which has four pairs of legs when adult, related to the ticks. Many kinds live in the soil and a number are parasitic on plants or animals.
mitigate:Make less severe, serious, or painful.
mitigated:Make (something bad) less severe, serious, or painful.
mitigates:Make (something bad) less severe, serious, or painful.
mitigating:Having the effect of making something bad less severe, serious, or painful.
mitigation:The action of reducing the severity, seriousness, or painfulness of something.
mitochondria:An organelle found in large numbers in most cells, in which the biochemical processes of respiration and energy production occur. It has a double membrane, the inner part being folded inwards to form layers (cristae).
mitochondrial:Relating to or characteristic of a mitochondrion or mitochondria.
mitosis:A type of cell division that results in two daughter cells each having the same number and kind of chromosomes as the parent nucleus, typical of ordinary tissue growth.
mitre:Join by means of a mitre joint or seam.
mitred:Joined with a mitre joint or seam.
mitres:Join by means of a mitre joint or seam.
mitt:A mitten.
mitten:A glove with two sections, one for the thumb and the other for all four fingers.
mittens:A glove with two sections, one for the thumb and the other for all four fingers.
mitts:A mitten.
mix:Combine or put together to form one substance or mass.
mixed:Consisting of different qualities or elements.
mixer:A machine or device for mixing things, especially an electrical appliance for mixing foods.
mixers:A machine for mixing things, especially an electrical appliance for mixing foods.
mixes:Combine or put together to form one substance or mass.
mixing:Combine or put together to form one substance or mass.
mixture:A substance made by mixing other substances together.
mixtures:A substance made by mixing other substances together.
mixup:A confusion of one thing with another, or a misunderstanding or mistake that results in confusion.
mnemonic:A device such as a pattern of letters, ideas, or associations that assists in remembering something.
mnemonics:The study and development of systems for improving and assisting the memory.
moan:A long, low sound made by a person expressing physical or mental suffering or sexual pleasure.
moaned:Make a long, low sound expressing physical or mental suffering or sexual pleasure.
moaning:Make a long, low sound expressing physical or mental suffering or sexual pleasure.
moans:Make a long, low sound expressing physical or mental suffering or sexual pleasure.
moas:A large extinct flightless bird resembling the emu, formerly found in New Zealand.
moat:Surround (a place) with a moat.
moated:(of a place) surrounded by or provided with a moat.
moats:Surround (a place) with a moat.
mob:Crowd around (someone) in an unruly and excitable way in order to admire or attack them.
mobbed:Crowd round (someone) or into (a place) in an unruly way.
mobbing:Crowd round (someone) or into (a place) in an unruly way.
mobbish:Resembling or having the characteristics of a mob; disorderly, tumultuous; crowded. Also (usually depreciative): characteristic of or appealing to the common people.
mobile:A decorative structure that is suspended so as to turn freely in the air.
mobiles:A decorative structure that is suspended so as to turn freely in the air.
mobilisation:The action of a country or its government preparing and organizing troops for active service.
mobilise:(of a country or its government) prepare and organize (troops) for active service.
mobilised:(of a country or its government) prepare and organize (troops) for active service.
mobilises:(of a country or its government) prepare and organize (troops) for active service.
mobilising:(of a country or its government) prepare and organize (troops) for active service.
mobility:The ability to move or be moved freely and easily.
mobs:Crowd round (someone) or into (a place) in an unruly way.
mobster:A member of a group of violent criminals; a gangster.
mobsters:A member of an organized group of violent criminals; a gangster.
moccasin:A soft leather slipper or shoe, strictly one without a separate heel, having the sole turned up on all sides and sewn to the upper in a simple gathered seam, in a style originating among North American Indians.
moccasins:A soft leather slipper or shoe, strictly one without a separate heel, having the sole turned up on all sides and sewn to the upper in a simple gathered seam, in a style originating among North American Indians.
mock:Tease or laugh at in a scornful or contemptuous manner.
mocked:Tease or laugh at in a scornful or contemptuous manner.
mocker:A person who mocks someone or something.
mockeries:Teasing and contemptuous language or behaviour directed at a particular person or thing.
mockers:A person who mocks someone or something.
mockery:Teasing and contemptuous language or behavior directed at a particular person or thing.
mocking:Making fun of someone or something in a cruel way; derisive.
mockingbird:A long-tailed songbird with grayish plumage, found mainly in tropical America and noted for its mimicry of the calls and songs of other birds.
mockingly:In a way that makes fun of someone or something; derisively.
mocks:Tease or laugh at in a scornful or contemptuous manner.
mockup:A model or replica of a machine or structure, used for instructional or experimental purposes.
mod:(especially in the early 1960s) a young person of a subculture characterized by stylish dress, the riding of motor scooters, and a liking for soul music.
modal:A modal word or construction.
modalities:Modal quality.
modality:Modal quality.
mode:A way or manner in which something occurs or is experienced, expressed, or done.
model:Fashion or shape (a three-dimensional figure or object) in a malleable material such as clay or wax.
modelled:Fashion or shape (a three-dimensional figure or object) in a malleable material such as clay or wax.
modeller:A person who makes models of people or things.
modelling:The work of a fashion model.
models:Fashion or shape (a three-dimensional figure or object) in a malleable material such as clay or wax.
modem:Send (data) by modem.
modems:Send (data) by modem.
moderate:Make or become less extreme, intense, rigorous, or violent.
moderated:Make or become less extreme, intense, rigorous, or violent.
moderately:To a certain extent; quite; fairly.
moderates:Make or become less extreme, intense, rigorous, or violent.
moderating:Make or become less extreme, intense, rigorous, or violent.
moderation:The avoidance of excess or extremes, especially in one's behavior or political opinions.
moderator:An arbitrator or mediator.
moderators:An arbitrator or mediator.
modern:A person who advocates or practices a departure from traditional styles or values.
moderner:A person who lives in or belongs to the present time.
modernisation:The process of adapting something to modern needs or habits.
modernisations:The process of adapting something to modern needs or habits.
modernise:Adapt (something) to modern needs or habits, typically by installing modern equipment or adopting modern ideas or methods.
modernised:Adapt (something) to modern needs or habits, typically by installing modern equipment or adopting modern ideas or methods.
modernising:Adapt (something) to modern needs or habits, typically by installing modern equipment or adopting modern ideas or methods.
modernism:Modern character or quality of thought, expression, or technique.
modernist:A believer in or supporter of modernism, especially in the arts.
modernists:A believer in or supporter of modernism, especially in the arts.
modernity:The quality or condition of being modern.
modes:A way or manner in which something occurs or is experienced, expressed, or done.
modest:Unassuming or moderate in the estimation of one's abilities or achievements.
modestly:In an unassuming manner; without vanity or arrogance.
modesty:The quality or state of being unassuming or moderate in the estimation of one's abilities.
modicum:A small quantity of a particular thing, especially something considered desirable or valuable.
modification:The action of modifying something.
modified:Make partial or minor changes to (something)
modifier:A person or thing that makes partial or minor changes to something.
modifiers:A person or thing that makes partial or minor changes to something.
modifies:Make partial or minor changes to (something)
modify:Make partial or minor changes to (something), typically so as to improve it or to make it less extreme.
modifying:Make partial or minor changes to (something)
modish:Conforming to or following what is currently popular and fashionable.
modular:Employing or involving a module or modules as the basis of design or construction.
modulate:Exert a modifying or controlling influence on.
modulated:Exert a modifying or controlling influence on.
modulates:Exert a modifying or controlling influence on.
modulating:Exert a modifying or controlling influence on.
modulation:The exertion of a modifying or controlling influence on something.
modulations:The exertion of a modifying or controlling influence on something.
module:Each of a set of standardized parts or independent units that can be used to construct a more complex structure, such as an item of furniture or a building.
modules:Each of a set of standardized parts or independent units that can be used to construct a more complex structure, such as an item of furniture or a building.
moduli:The positive square root of the sum of the squares of the real and imaginary parts of a complex number.
modulus:The positive square root of the sum of the squares of the real and imaginary parts of a complex number.
mogul:An important or powerful person, especially in the motion picture or media industry.
moguls:An important or powerful person, especially in the film or media industry.
mohair:The long, silky hair of the angora goat.
moiety:Each of two parts into which a thing is or can be divided.
moist:Slightly wet; damp or humid.
moisten:Wet slightly.
moistened:Wet slightly.
moistening:Wet slightly.
moistens:Wet slightly.
moister:Slightly wet.
moisture:Water or other liquid diffused in a small quantity as vapor, within a solid, or condensed on a surface.
moisturise:Make (something, especially the skin) less dry.
moisturiser:A cosmetic preparation used to prevent dryness in the skin.
moisturisers:A cosmetic preparation used to prevent dryness in the skin.
moisturising:Make (something, especially the skin) less dry.
molar:A grinding tooth at the back of a mammal's mouth.
molars:A grinding tooth at the back of a mammal's mouth.
molasses:Thick, dark brown syrup obtained from raw sugar during the refining process, a version of which is used in baking.
mold:Form (an object) out of malleable material.
molds:Form (an object) out of malleable material.
moldy:Covered with a fungal growth that causes decay, due to age or damp conditions.
mole:A small burrowing insectivorous mammal with dark velvety fur, a long muzzle, and very small eyes.
molecular:Relating to or consisting of molecules.
molecule:A group of atoms bonded together, representing the smallest fundamental unit of a chemical compound that can take part in a chemical reaction.
molecules:A group of atoms bonded together, representing the smallest fundamental unit of a chemical compound that can take part in a chemical reaction.
molehill:A small mound of earth thrown up by a mole burrowing near the surface.
molehills:A small mound of earth thrown up by a mole burrowing near the surface.
moles:A small burrowing mammal with dark velvety fur, a long muzzle, and very small eyes, feeding mainly on worms, grubs, and other invertebrates.
moleskin:The skin of a mole used as fur.
molest:Assault or abuse (a person, especially a woman or child) sexually.
molestation:Sexual assault or abuse of a person, especially a woman or child.
molestations:Sexual assault or abuse of a person, especially a woman or child.
molested:Assault or abuse (a person, especially a woman or child) sexually.
molester:A person who sexually assaults or abuses someone, especially a woman or child.
molesters:A person who sexually assaults or abuses someone, especially a woman or child.
molesting:Assault or abuse (a person, especially a woman or child) sexually.
molests:Assault or abuse (a person, especially a woman or child) sexually.
mollified:Appease the anger or anxiety of (someone)
mollifies:Appease the anger or anxiety of (someone)
mollify:Appease the anger or anxiety of (someone)
mollusc:An invertebrate of a large phylum which includes snails, slugs, mussels, and octopuses. They have a soft unsegmented body and live in aquatic or damp habitats, and most kinds have an external calcareous shell.
molluscs:An invertebrate of a large phylum which includes snails, slugs, mussels, and octopuses. They have a soft unsegmented body and live in aquatic or damp habitats, and most kinds have an external calcareous shell.
molten:(especially of materials with a high melting point, such as metal and glass) liquefied by heat.
molts:(of an animal) shed old feathers, hair, or skin to make way for a new growth.
molybdenum:The chemical element of atomic number 42, a brittle silver-gray metal of the transition series, used in some alloy steels.
mom:One's mother.
moment:A very brief period of time.
momentarily:For a very short time.
momentary:Lasting for a very short time; brief.
momentous:(of a decision, event, or change) of great importance or significance, especially in its bearing on the future.
moments:A very brief period of time.
momentum:The quantity of motion of a moving body, measured as a product of its mass and velocity.
moms:One's mother.
monaco:A principality that forms an enclave within French territory, on the Mediterranean coast near the Italian frontier; population 38,000 (estimated 2015); language, French (official).
monarch:A sovereign head of state, especially a king, queen, or emperor.
monarchical:Relating to a monarch or monarchy.
monarchist:A supporter of the principle of having monarchs.
monarchists:A supporter of the principle of having monarchs.
monarchs:A sovereign head of state, especially a king, queen, or emperor.
monarchy:A form of government with a monarch at the head.
monasteries:A building or buildings occupied by a community of monks living under religious vows.
monastery:A building or buildings occupied by a community of monks living under religious vows.
monastic:A monk or other follower of a monastic rule.
monaural:Of or involving one ear.
monday:On Monday.
mondays:On Monday.
monetarism:The theory or practice of controlling the supply of money as the chief method of stabilizing the economy.
monetary:Relating to money or currency.
money:A current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes; coins and banknotes collectively.
moneyed:Having much money; affluent.
moneylender:A person whose business is lending money to others who pay interest.
mongol:A native or inhabitant of Mongolia; a Mongolian.
mongols:A native or inhabitant of Mongolia; a Mongolian.
mongoose:A small carnivorous mammal with a long body and tail and a grizzled or banded coat, native to Africa and Asia.
mongrel:A dog of no definable type or breed.
mongrels:A dog of no definable type or breed.
monies:plural form of money, as used in financial contexts
monition:A warning of impending danger.
monitor:Observe and check the progress or quality of (something) over a period of time; keep under systematic review.
monitored:Observe and check the progress or quality of (something) over a period of time; keep under systematic review.
monitoring:Observe and check the progress or quality of (something) over a period of time; keep under systematic review.
monitors:Observe and check the progress or quality of (something) over a period of time; keep under systematic review.
monk:A member of a religious community of men typically living under vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience.
monkey:A small to medium-sized primate that typically has a long tail, most kinds of which live in trees in tropical countries.
monkeyed:Behave in a silly or playful way.
monkeys:Behave in a silly or playful way.
monkfish:A bottom-dwelling anglerfish of European waters.
monkish:Relating to or characteristic of a monk or monks.
monks:A member of a religious community of men typically living under vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience.
mono:A monophonic recording.
monochromatic:Containing or using only one color.
monochrome:A photograph or picture developed or executed in black and white or in varying tones of only one color.
monocle:A single eyeglass, kept in position by the muscles around the eye.
monoclonal:Forming a clone that is derived asexually from a single individual or cell.
monocular:An optical instrument for viewing distant objects with one eye, like one half of a pair of binoculars.
monoculture:The cultivation of a single crop in a given area.
monocytes:A large phagocytic white blood cell with a simple oval nucleus and clear, greyish cytoplasm.
monogamous:Involving marriage to one person at a time.
monogamy:The practice or state of being married to one person at a time.
monogram:Decorate with a monogram.
monograph:Write a monograph on; treat in a monograph.
monographs:Write a monograph on; treat in a monograph.
monolingual:A person who speaks only one language.
monolith:A large single upright block of stone, especially one shaped into or serving as a pillar or monument.
monolithic:Formed of a single large block of stone.
monoliths:A large single upright block of stone, especially one shaped into or serving as a pillar or monument.
monologue:A long speech by one actor in a play or movie, or as part of a theatrical or broadcast program.
monomania:Exaggerated or obsessive enthusiasm for or preoccupation with one thing.
monomer:A molecule that can be bonded to other identical molecules to form a polymer.
monomers:A molecule that can be bonded to other identical molecules to form a polymer.
monomial:An algebraic expression consisting of one term.
monomials:An algebraic expression consisting of one term.
monomolecular:(of a layer) one molecule thick.
monophonic:(of sound reproduction) using only one channel of transmission.
monoplane:An airplane with one pair of wings.
monopole:A single electric charge or magnetic pole, especially a hypothetical isolated magnetic pole.
monopolies:The exclusive possession or control of the supply of or trade in a commodity or service.
monopolise:(of an organization or group) obtain exclusive possession or control of (a trade, commodity, or service)
monopolised:(of an organization or group) obtain exclusive possession or control of (a trade, commodity, or service)
monopolistic:Relating to a person or business that has exclusive possession or control of the supply of or trade in a commodity or service.
monopoly:The exclusive possession or control of the supply of or trade in a commodity or service.
monorail:A railroad in which the track consists of a single rail, typically elevated, with the trains suspended from it or balancing on it.
monosyllabic:(of a word or utterance) consisting of one syllable.
monotheism:The doctrine or belief that there is only one God.
monotheistic:Relating to or characterized by the belief that there is only one God.
monotone:A continuing sound, especially of a person's voice, that is unchanging in pitch and without intonation.
monotonic:(of a function or quantity) varying in such a way that it either never decreases or never increases.
monotonous:Dull, tedious, and repetitious; lacking in variety and interest.
monotony:Lack of variety and interest; tedious repetition and routine.
monoxide:An oxide containing one atom of oxygen in its molecule or empirical formula.
monsieur:A title or form of address used of or to a French-speaking man, corresponding to Mr. or sir.
monsoon:A seasonal prevailing wind in the region of South and Southeast Asia, blowing from the southwest between May and September and bringing rain (the wet monsoon), or from the northeast between October and April (the dry monsoon).
monsoons:A seasonal prevailing wind in the region of South and SE Asia, blowing from the south-west between May and September and bringing rain (the wet monsoon), or from the north-east between October and April (the dry monsoon).
monster:Criticize or reprimand severely.
monsters:Criticize or reprimand severely.
monstrosities:A thing, especially a building, which is very large and unsightly.
monstrosity:Something, especially a building, that is very large and is considered unsightly.
monstrous:Having the ugly or frightening appearance of a monster.
montage:The process or technique of selecting, editing, and piecing together separate sections of film to form a continuous whole.
month:Each of the twelve named periods into which a year is divided.A period of time between the same dates in successive calendar months.A period of 28 days or four weeks.
monthly:Once a month; every month; from month to month.
months:Each of the twelve named periods into which a year is divided.A period of time between the same dates in successive calendar months.A period of 28 days or four weeks.
montreal:A port on the St. Lawrence River in Quebec, southeastern Canada; population 1,162,693 (2006). Founded in 1642, Montreal was under French rule until 1763; almost two thirds of its present-day population are French-speaking. French name Montréal /mɔ̃ʀeal/.
monument:A statue, building, or other structure erected to commemorate a famous or notable person or event.
monumental:Great in importance, extent, or size.
monumentally:To a very great or extreme degree.
monuments:A statue, building, or other structure erected to commemorate a notable person or event.
moo:Make the characteristic deep vocal sound of a cow.
mood:A temporary state of mind or feeling.
moodiest:(of a person) given to unpredictable changes of mood, especially sudden bouts of gloominess or sullenness.
moods:A temporary state of mind or feeling.
moody:(of a person) given to unpredictable changes of mood, especially sudden bouts of gloominess or sullenness.
mooed:Make the characteristic deep resonant vocal sound of cattle.
mooing:Make the characteristic deep resonant vocal sound of cattle.
moon:Behave or move in a listless and aimless manner.
moonbeam:A ray of moonlight.
mooning:Behave or move in a listless and aimless manner.
moonlight:The light of the moon.
moonlit:Lit by the moon.
moonrise:The rising or time of rising of the moon above the horizon.
moons:Behave or move in a listless and aimless manner.
moonshine:Illicitly distilled or smuggled liquor.
moonshot:An act or instance of launching a spacecraft to the moon.
moor:A tract of open uncultivated upland; a heath.
moored:A tract of open uncultivated upland, typically covered with heather.
moorhen:A small aquatic rail with mainly blackish plumage.
moorhens:A small aquatic rail with mainly blackish plumage.
mooring:A place where a boat or ship is moored.
moorings:A place where a boat or ship is moored.
moorland:An extensive area of moor.
moorlands:An extensive area of moor.
moors:A tract of open uncultivated upland, typically covered with heather.
moos:Make the characteristic deep resonant vocal sound of cattle.
moose:A large deer with palmate antlers, a sloping back, and a growth of skin hanging from the neck. It is native to northern Eurasia and northern North America.
moot:Raise (a question or topic) for discussion; suggest (an idea or possibility)
mooted:Raise (a question or topic) for discussion; suggest (an idea or possibility)
mop:Clean or soak up liquid from (something) by wiping.
mope:Be dejected and apathetic.
moped:A low-power, lightweight motorized bicycle.
mopeds:A light motor cycle, especially one with an engine capacity of not more than 50 cc.
mopes:Feel dejected and apathetic.
moping:Feel dejected and apathetic.
mopped:Clean or soak up liquid from (something) by wiping.
mopping:Clean or soak up liquid from (something) by wiping.
mops:Clean or soak up liquid from (something) by wiping.
moraine:A mass of rocks and sediment carried down and deposited by a glacier, typically as ridges at its edges or extremity.
moraines:A mass of rocks and sediment carried down and deposited by a glacier, typically as ridges at its edges or extremity.
moral:A lesson, especially one concerning what is right or prudent, that can be derived from a story, a piece of information, or an experience.
morale:The confidence, enthusiasm, and discipline of a person or group at a particular time.
moralise:Comment on issues of right and wrong, typically with an unfounded air of superiority.
moralism:The practice of moralizing, especially showing a tendency to make judgments about others' morality.
moralist:A person who teaches or promotes morality.
moralistic:Overfond of making moral judgements about others' behavior; too ready to moralize.
moralists:A person who teaches or promotes morality.
morality:Principles concerning the distinction between right and wrong or good and bad behavior.
morally:With reference to the principles of right and wrong behavior.
morals:A lesson that can be derived from a story or experience.
morass:An area of muddy or boggy ground.
morasses:An area of muddy or boggy ground.
moratorium:A temporary prohibition of an activity.
moray:A mainly nocturnal eel-like predatory fish of warm seas, that typically hides in crevices with just the head protruding.
morays:A mainly nocturnal eel-like predatory fish of warm seas, that typically hides in crevices with just the head protruding.
morbid:Characterized by or appealing to an abnormal and unhealthy interest in disturbing and unpleasant subjects, especially death and disease.
morbidity:The condition of suffering from a disease or medical condition.
morbidly:(with reference to a disturbing or unpleasant interest or activity) in an abnormal and unhealthy manner.
mordant:Impregnate or treat (a fabric) with a mordant.
more:A greater or additional amount or degree of.
moreover:As a further matter; besides.
mores:The essential or characteristic customs and conventions of a community.
morgue:A place where bodies are kept, especially to be identified or claimed.
moribund:(of a person) at the point of death.
mormon:A member or follower of a millenarian Christian movement founded in the US in 1830 by Joseph Smith Jr, in particular a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
morning:Every morning.
mornings:Every morning.
moroccan:A native or inhabitant of Morocco, or a person of Moroccan descent.
morocco:Fine flexible leather made (originally in Morocco) from goatskin tanned with sumac, used especially for book covers and shoes.
moron:A stupid person.
moronic:Very foolish or stupid.
morons:A stupid person.
morose:Sullen and ill-tempered.
morph:Change smoothly from one image to another by small gradual steps using computer animation techniques.
morpheme:A meaningful morphological unit of a language that cannot be further divided (e.g. in, come, -ing, forming incoming).
morpheus:The son of Somnus (god of sleep), the god of dreams and, in later writings, also god of sleep.
morphine:An analgesic and narcotic drug obtained from opium and used medicinally to relieve pain.
morphological:Relating to the form or structure of things.
morphology:The study of the forms of things.
morrow:The following day.
morse:Signal (something) using Morse code.
morsel:A small piece or amount of food; a mouthful.
morsels:A small piece or amount of food; a mouthful.
mort:The note sounded on a horn when the quarry is killed.
mortal:A human being subject to death, often contrasted with a divine being.
mortality:The state of being subject to death.
mortally:In such a manner as to cause death.
mortals:A human being subject to death, as opposed to a divine being.
mortar:Attack or bombard with shells fired from a mortar.
mortars:Attack or bombard with a mortar.
mortgage:Convey (a property) to a creditor as security on a loan.
mortgaged:Convey (a property) to a creditor as security on a loan.
mortgagee:The lender in a mortgage, typically a bank.
mortgages:Convey (a property) to a creditor as security on a loan.
mortgagor:The borrower in a mortgage, typically a homeowner.
mortice:Join securely by using a mortise and tenon.
mortices:Join securely by using a mortise and tenon.
mortification:Great embarrassment and shame.
mortified:Cause (someone) to feel very embarrassed or ashamed.
mortify:Cause (someone) to feel embarrassed, ashamed, or humiliated.
mortifying:Causing great embarrassment or shame.
mortise:Join securely by using a mortise and tenon.
mortises:Join securely by using a mortise and tenon.
mortuary:A funeral home or morgue.
mosaic:Decorate with a mosaic.
mosaics:Decorate with a mosaic.
moscow:The capital of Russia, located at the center of European Russia, on the Moskva River; population 10,470,300 (est. 2008). It became the capital when Ivan the Terrible proclaimed himself the first tsar in the 16th century. Peter the Great moved his capital to St. Petersburg in 1712, but, after the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917, Moscow was made the capital of the new Soviet government, with its center in the Kremlin.
moses:(fl.c.14th–13th centuries BC), Hebrew prophet and lawgiver, brother of Aaron. According to the biblical account, he was born in Egypt and led the Israelites away from servitude there, across the desert toward the Promised Land. During the journey he was inspired by God on Mount Sinai to write down the Ten Commandments on tablets of stone (Exod. 20).
mosque:A Muslim place of worship.
mosques:A Muslim place of worship.
mosquito:A slender long-legged fly with aquatic larvae. The bite of the bloodsucking female can transmit a number of serious diseases including malaria and encephalitis.
moss:Cover with moss.
mosses:Cover with moss.
mossier:Covered in or resembling moss.
mossiest:Covered in or resembling moss.
mossy:Covered in or resembling moss.
most:Greatest in amount, quantity, or degree.
mostly:As regards the greater part or number.
motel:A roadside hotel designed primarily for motorists, typically having the rooms arranged in a low building with parking directly outside.
motels:A roadside hotel designed primarily for motorists, typically having the rooms arranged in low blocks with parking directly outside.
motes:A tiny piece of a substance; a speck.
motet:A short piece of sacred choral music, typically polyphonic and unaccompanied.
motets:A short piece of sacred choral music.
moth:A chiefly nocturnal insect related to the butterflies. It lacks the clubbed antennae of butterflies and typically has a stout body, drab coloration, and wings that fold flat when resting.
mothball:Store (clothes) among or in mothballs.
mothballs:Store (clothes) with mothballs.
mother:Bring up (a child) with care and affection.
motherboard:A printed circuit board containing the principal components of a computer or other device, with connectors into which other circuit boards can be slotted.
mothered:Bring up (a child) with care and affection.
motherhood:The state of being a mother.
mothering:The activity of bringing up a child as a mother.
motherland:One's native country.
motherless:Having no mother because she is dead or absent from the home.
motherly:Of, resembling, or characteristic of a mother, especially in being caring, protective, and kind.
mothers:Bring up (a child) with care and affection.
moths:An insect with two pairs of broad wings covered in microscopic scales, typically drably coloured and held flat when at rest. Moths are chiefly nocturnal, and lack the clubbed antennae of butterflies.
motif:A decorative design or pattern.
motifs:A decorative image or design, especially a repeated one forming a pattern.
motile:(of cells, gametes, and single-celled organisms) capable of motion.
motion:Direct or command (someone) with a movement of the hand or head.
motioned:Direct or command (someone) with a movement of the hand or head.
motioning:Direct or command (someone) with a movement of the hand or head.
motionless:Not moving; stationary.
motions:Direct or command (someone) with a movement of the hand or head.
motivate:Provide (someone) with a motive for doing something.
motivated:Provide (someone) with a reason for doing something.
motivates:Provide (someone) with a reason for doing something.
motivating:Provide (someone) with a reason for doing something.
motivation:The reason or reasons one has for acting or behaving in a particular way.
motivational:Relating to the reason or reasons for acting or behaving in a particular way.
motivations:A reason or reasons for acting or behaving in a particular way.
motivator:Something that provides a reason or stimulus to do something.
motive:A reason for doing something, especially one that is hidden or not obvious.
motives:A reason for doing something.
motley:An incongruous mixture.
motlier:An incongruous mixture.
motliest:An incongruous mixture.
motocross:Cross-country racing on motorcycles.
motor:Travel in a motor vehicle, typically a car or a boat.
motorbike:A motorcycle, typically a small, lightweight one.
motorcade:A procession of motor vehicles, typically carrying and escorting a prominent person.
motorcar:An automobile.
motorcycle:A two-wheeled vehicle that is powered by a motor and has no pedals.
motorcycles:A two-wheeled vehicle that is powered by a motor and has no pedals.
motorcyclist:A person who rides a motorcycle.
motored:Travel in a motor vehicle.
motoring:Travel in a motor vehicle.
motorised:(of a vehicle or device) equipped with a motor.
motorist:The driver of an automobile.
motors:Travel in a motor vehicle.
motorway:An expressway.
mottled:Marked with spots or smears of color.
motto:A short sentence or phrase chosen as encapsulating the beliefs or ideals guiding an individual, family, or institution.
mould:Form (an object) out of malleable material.
moulded:Made or shaped in a mould.
moulder:Slowly decay or disintegrate, especially because of neglect.
mouldering:Slowly decaying or disintegrating, especially because of neglect.
moulders:Slowly decay or disintegrate, especially because of neglect.
mouldier:Covered with a fungal growth which causes decay, due to age or damp conditions.
moulding:A shaped strip of wood or other material fitted as a decorative architectural feature, especially in a cornice.
mouldings:A shaped strip of wood or other material fitted as a decorative architectural feature, especially in a cornice.
moulds:Form (an object) out of malleable material.
mouldy:Covered with a fungal growth which causes decay, due to age or damp conditions.
moult:(of an animal) shed old feathers, hair, or skin to make way for a new growth.
moulted:(of an animal) shed old feathers, hair, or skin to make way for a new growth.
moulting:(of an animal) shed old feathers, hair, or skin to make way for a new growth.
moults:(of an animal) shed old feathers, hair, or skin to make way for a new growth.
mound:Heap up into a rounded pile.
mounded:Heap up into a rounded pile.
mounds:Heap up into a rounded pile.
mount:Climb up (stairs, a hill, or other rising surface)
mountain:A large natural elevation of the earth's surface rising abruptly from the surrounding level; a large steep hill.
mountaineer:A person who takes part in mountaineering.
mountaineering:The sport or activity of climbing mountains.
mountainous:(of a region) having many mountains.
mountains:A large natural elevation of the earth's surface rising abruptly from the surrounding level; a large steep hill.
mountainside:The sloping surface of a mountain.
mounted:Riding an animal, typically a horse, especially for military or other duty.
mountie:A member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
mounting:A backing, setting, or support for something.
mounts:Climb up (stairs, a hill, or other rising surface)
mourn:Feel or show deep sorrow or regret for (someone or their death), typically by following conventions such as the wearing of black clothes.
mourned:Feel or show sorrow for the death of (someone), typically by following conventions such as the wearing of black clothes.
mourner:A person who attends a funeral as a relative or friend of the dead person.
mourners:A person who attends a funeral as a relative or friend of the dead person.
mournful:Feeling, expressing, or inducing sadness, regret, or grief.
mourning:The expression of deep sorrow for someone who has died, typically involving following certain conventions such as wearing black clothes.
mourns:Feel or show sorrow for the death of (someone), typically by following conventions such as the wearing of black clothes.
mouse:A small rodent that typically has a pointed snout, relatively large ears and eyes, and a long tail.
mousetrap:Induce (someone) to do something by means of a trick.
mousey:Of or like a mouse.
moussaka:A Greek dish made of ground lamb, eggplant, and tomatoes, with cheese on top.
mousse:Style (hair) using mousse.
mousses:Style (hair) using mousse.
moustache:A strip of hair left to grow above the upper lip.
mousy:Of or like a mouse.
mouth:Say (something dull or unoriginal), especially in a pompous or affected way.
mouthed:(of a person or animal) having a mouth of a specified kind.
mouthful:A quantity of food or drink that fills or can be put in the mouth.
mouthing:Move the lips as if saying (something)
mouthparts:Any of the appendages, typically found in pairs, surrounding the mouth of an insect or other arthropod and adapted for feeding.
mouthpiece:A thing designed to be put in or against the mouth.
mouths:Move the lips as if saying (something)
mouthwash:A liquid used for rinsing the mouth or gargling with, typically containing an antiseptic.
mouthwatering:Smelling, looking, or sounding delicious.
movable:Property or possessions not including land or buildings.
move:Go in a specified direction or manner; change position.
moveable:Property or possessions not including land or buildings.
moved:Go in a specified direction or manner; change position.
movement:An act of changing physical location or position or of having this changed.
movements:An act of moving.
mover:A person or thing in motion, especially an animal.
movers:A person or thing that moves.
moves:Go in a specified direction or manner; change position.
movie:A story or event recorded by a camera as a set of moving images and shown in a theater or on television; a motion picture.
movies:A cinema film.
moving:In motion.
movingly:In a way that produces strong emotion, especially sadness or sympathy.
mow:Cut down (an area of grass) with a machine.
mowed:Cut down (grass) with a machine.
mower:A machine used for cutting grass.
mowers:A machine used for cutting grass.
mowing:Loose pieces of grass resulting from mowing.
mown:(of grass or a crop) cut down with a scythe or machine.
mows:Cut down (grass) with a machine.
mr:A title used before a surname or full name to address or refer to a man without a higher or honorific or professional title.
mrs:The title used before a surname or full name to address or refer to a married woman without a higher or honorific or professional title.
ms:short for multiple sclerosis
mu:The twelfth letter of the Greek alphabet (Μ, μ), transliterated as ‘m.’.
much:A great amount or quantity of.
muchness:Greatness in quantity or degree.
muck:Spread manure on (land)
mucky:Covered with or consisting of dirt or filth.
mucosa:A mucous membrane.
mucous:Relating to, producing, covered with, or of the nature of mucus.
mucus:A slimy substance, typically not miscible with water, secreted by mucous membranes and glands for lubrication, protection, etc.
mud:Soft, sticky matter resulting from the mixing of earth and water.
muddied:Cover or fill (something) with mud.
muddier:Cover or fill (something) with mud.
muddies:Cover or fill (something) with mud.
muddiest:Cover or fill (something) with mud.
muddle:Bring into a disordered or confusing state.
muddled:In a state of bewildered or bewildering confusion or disorder.
muddles:Bring into a disordered or confusing state.
muddling:The action or process of bringing something into a disordered or confusing state.
muddy:Cause to become covered in or full of mud.
muddying:Cover or fill (something) with mud.
mudflats:A stretch of muddy land left uncovered at low tide.
mudflow:A fluid or hardened stream or avalanche of mud.
mudflows:A fluid or hardened stream or avalanche of mud.
mudguard:A curved strip or cover over a wheel of a vehicle, especially a bicycle or motorcycle, designed to protect the vehicle and rider from water and dirt thrown up from the road.
mudlarks:A person who scavenges in river mud for objects of value.
muds:Soft, sticky matter resulting from the mixing of earth and water.
muesli:A mixture of cereals (especially rolled oats), dried fruit, and nuts, typically eaten with milk at breakfast.
muff:A tube made of fur or other warm material into which the hands are placed for warmth.
muffed:A tube made of fur or other warm material into which the hands are placed for warmth.
muffin:A small domed cake or quick bread made from batter or dough.
muffins:A small domed spongy cake made with eggs and baking powder.
muffle:Wrap or cover for warmth.
muffled:(of a sound) not loud because of being obstructed in some way; muted.
muffler:A wrap or scarf worn around the neck and face for warmth.
mufflers:A wrap or scarf worn around the neck and face for warmth.
muffling:Wrap or cover for warmth.
muffs:A tube made of fur or other warm material into which the hands are placed for warmth.
mufti:A Muslim legal expert who is empowered to give rulings on religious matters.
mug:Attack and rob (someone) in a public place.
mugged:Attack and rob (someone) in a public place.
mugger:A person who attacks and robs another in a public place.
muggers:A person who attacks and robs another in a public place.
muggier:(of the weather) unpleasantly warm and humid.
mugging:An act of attacking and robbing someone in a public place.
muggings:An act of attacking and robbing someone in a public place.
muggy:(of the weather) unpleasantly warm and humid.
mugs:Attack and rob (someone) in a public place.
mugshots:A photograph of a person's face made for an official purpose, especially police records.
mulberry:A small deciduous tree with broad leaves, native to East Asia and long cultivated elsewhere.The dark red or white fruit of the mulberry.
mulch:Treat or cover with mulch.
mulches:Treat or cover with mulch.
mulching:Treat or cover with mulch.
mule:The offspring of a donkey and a horse (strictly, a male donkey and a female horse), typically sterile and used as a beast of burden.
mules:The offspring of a donkey and a horse (strictly, a male donkey and a female horse), typically sterile and used as a beast of burden.
mull:Think about (a fact, proposal, or request) deeply and at length.
mullah:A Muslim learned in Islamic theology and sacred law.
mullahs:A Muslim learned in Islamic theology and sacred law.
mulled:(of a beverage, especially wine, beer, or cider) made into a hot drink with added sugar, spices, fruit, etc.
mullet:A chiefly marine fish that is widely caught for food.
mulling:A headstall or bridle for a horse.
mullions:A vertical bar between the panes of glass in a window.
multichannel:Employing or possessing many television or communications channels.
multicolour:Having many colours.
multicoloured:Having many colours.
multicultural:Relating to or constituting several cultural or ethnic groups within a society.
multiculturalism:The presence of, or support for the presence of, several distinct cultural or ethnic groups within a society.
multidimensional:Of or involving several dimensions or aspects.
multifarious:Many and of various types.
multiform:Existing in many forms or kinds.
multifunction:Having or fulfilling several functions.
multifunctional:Having or fulfilling several functions.
multilateral:Agreed upon or participated in by three or more parties, especially the governments of different countries.
multilateralism:The principle of participation by three or more parties, especially by the governments of different countries.
multilayer:A coating or deposit consisting of several or many layers.
multilevel:Relating to or involving many levels.
multilingual:In or using several languages.
multimedia:The use of a variety of artistic or communicative media.
multimeter:An instrument designed to measure electric current, voltage, and usually resistance, typically over several ranges of value.
multimillion:Costing or involving several million units of a currency.
multinational:A company operating in several countries.
multinationals:Including or involving several countries or individuals of several nationalities.
multiphase:In, of, or relating to more than one phase.
multiple:A number that can be divided by another number without a remainder.
multiples:A number that may be divided by another a certain number of times without a remainder.
multiplex:Incorporate into a multiplex signal or system.
multiplexed:Involving or consisting of many elements in a complex relationship.
multiplexes:Incorporate into a multiplex signal or system.
multiplexing:Incorporate into a multiplex signal or system.
multiplication:The process or skill of multiplying.
multiplications:The process or skill of multiplying.
multiplicative:Subject to or of the nature of multiplication.
multiplicities:A large number or variety.
multiplicity:A large number.
multiplied:Obtain from (a number) another which contains the first number a specified number of times.
multiplier:A person or thing that multiplies.
multipliers:A person or thing that multiplies.
multiplies:Obtain from (a number) another which contains the first number a specified number of times.
multiply:Obtain from (a number) another that contains the first number a specified number of times.
multiplying:Obtain from (a number) another which contains the first number a specified number of times.
multiprocessing:The running of two or more programs or sequences of instructions simultaneously by a computer with more than one central processor.
multiprocessor:A computer with more than one central processor.
multiprocessors:A computer with more than one central processor.
multiprogramming:The running of two or more programs or sequences of instructions simultaneously by a computer with more than one central processor.
multiracial:Made up of or relating to people of several racial or ethnic groups.
multitude:A large number.
multitudes:A large number of people or things.
mum:One's mother.
mumble:Say something indistinctly and quietly, making it difficult for others to hear.
mumbled:Say something indistinctly and quietly, making it difficult for others to hear.
mumbles:Say something indistinctly and quietly, making it difficult for others to hear.
mumbling:Speaking or spoken in a quiet and indistinct way.
mummies:(especially in ancient Egypt) a body of a human being or animal that has been ceremonially preserved by removal of the internal organs, treatment with natron and resin, and wrapping in bandages.
mummified:(of a body in ancient Egypt) preserved by embalming and wrapping in cloth.
mummify:(especially in ancient Egypt) preserve (a body) by embalming and wrapping it in cloth.
mummy:(especially in ancient Egypt) a body of a human being or animal that has been ceremonially preserved by removal of the internal organs, treatment with natron and resin, and wrapping in bandages.
mumps:A contagious and infectious viral disease causing swelling of the parotid salivary glands in the face, and a risk of sterility in adult males.
mums:One's mother.
munch:Eat (something) with a continuous and often audible action of the jaws.
munched:Eat (something) steadily and often audibly.
munches:Eat (something) steadily and often audibly.
munching:Eat (something) steadily and often audibly.
mundane:Lacking interest or excitement; dull.
munich:A city in southeastern Germany, capital of Bavaria; population 1,294,600 (est. 2006).
municipal:Relating to a city or town or its governing body.
municipalities:A town or district that has local government.
municipality:A city or town that has corporate status and local government.
munificence:The quality or action of being lavishly generous; great generosity.
munificent:(of a gift or sum of money) larger or more generous than is usual or necessary.
munition:Supply with munitions.
munitions:Supply with munitions.
muons:An unstable subatomic particle of the same class as an electron (a lepton), but with a mass around 200 times greater. Muons make up much of the cosmic radiation reaching the earth's surface.
mural:A painting or other work of art executed directly on a wall.
murals:A painting or other work of art executed directly on a wall.
murder:Kill (someone) unlawfully and with premeditation.
murdered:Kill (someone) unlawfully and with premeditation.
murderer:A person who commits murder; a killer.
murderers:A person who commits murder.
murderess:A female murderer.
murdering:Kill (someone) unlawfully and with premeditation.
murderous:Capable of or intending to murder; dangerously violent.
murders:Kill (someone) unlawfully and with premeditation.
murk:Darkness or thick mist that makes it difficult to see.
murkier:Dark and gloomy, especially due to thick mist.
murkiest:Dark and gloomy, especially due to thick mist.
murky:Dark and gloomy, especially due to thick mist.
murmur:Say something in a low, soft, or indistinct voice.
murmured:Say something in a low or indistinct voice.
murmuring:A soft, low, or indistinct sound produced by a person or group of people speaking quietly or at a distance.
murmurings:A low or indistinct continuous sound.
murmurs:Say something in a low or indistinct voice.
murray:A city in northern Utah, a southern suburb of Salt Lake City; population 46,201 (est. 2008).
muscadel:A muscat grape, especially as grown for drying to make raisins.
muscat:A variety of white, red, or black grape with a musky scent, grown in warm climates for wine or raisins or as table grapes.
muscle:Move (an object) in a particular direction by using one's physical strength.
muscled:Having well-developed muscles.
muscles:Move (an object) in a particular direction by using one's physical strength.
muscling:Move (an object) in a particular direction by using one's physical strength.
muscular:Relating to or affecting the muscles.
musculature:The system or arrangement of muscles in a body, part of the body, or an organ.
musculoskeletal:Relating to or denoting the musculature and skeleton together.
muse:(in Greek and Roman mythology) each of nine goddesses, the daughters of Zeus and Mnemosyne, who preside over the arts and sciences.
mused:(in Greek and Roman mythology) each of nine goddesses, the daughters of Zeus and Mnemosyne, who preside over the arts and sciences.
muses:(in Greek and Roman mythology) each of nine goddesses, the daughters of Zeus and Mnemosyne, who preside over the arts and sciences.
museum:A building in which objects of historical, scientific, artistic, or cultural interest are stored and exhibited.
museums:A building in which objects of historical, scientific, artistic, or cultural interest are stored and exhibited.
mush:Reduce (a substance) to a soft, wet, pulpy mass.
mushes:Reduce (a substance) to a soft, wet, pulpy mass.
mushroom:A fungal growth that typically takes the form of a domed cap on a stalk, with gills on the underside of the cap.
mushroomed:Increase, spread, or develop rapidly.
mushrooming:Very rapid growth, expansion, or development.
mushrooms:Increase, spread, or develop rapidly.
mushy:Soft and pulpy.
music:Vocal or instrumental sounds (or both) combined in such a way as to produce beauty of form, harmony, and expression of emotion.
musical:A play or movie in which singing and dancing play an essential part. Musicals developed from light opera in the early 20th century.
musicality:Musical talent or sensitivity.
musically:In a way that relates to music.
musicals:A play or film in which singing and dancing play an essential part. Musicals developed from light opera in the early 20th century.
musician:A person who plays a musical instrument, especially as a profession, or is musically talented.
musicians:A person who plays a musical instrument, especially as a profession, or is musically talented.
musicianship:Skill as a musician.
musicologist:An expert in or student of music as an academic subject, as opposed to someone trained in performance or composition.
musicologists:An expert in or student of music as an academic subject, as opposed to someone trained in performance or composition.
musicology:The study of music as an academic subject, as distinct from training in performance or composition; scholarly research into music.
musing:A period of reflection or thought.
musings:A period of reflection or thought.
musk:A strong-smelling reddish-brown substance which is secreted by the male musk deer for scent-marking and is an important ingredient in perfumery.
musket:An infantryman's light gun with a long barrel, typically smooth-bored, muzzleloading, and fired from the shoulder.
musketeer:A soldier armed with a musket.
musketeers:A soldier armed with a musket.
muskets:An infantryman's light gun with a long barrel, typically smooth-bored and fired from the shoulder.
muskier:Having a smell or taste like that of musk.
muskiest:Having a smell or taste like that of musk.
musks:A strong-smelling reddish-brown substance which is secreted by the male musk deer for scent-marking and is an important ingredient in perfumery.
musky:Of or having a smell or taste of musk, or suggestive of musk.
muslim:A follower of the religion of Islam.
muslims:A follower of the religion of Islam.
muslin:Lightweight cotton cloth in a plain weave.
mussel:Any of a number of bivalve mollusks with a brown or purplish-black shell.
mussels:Any of a number of bivalve molluscs with a brown or purplish-black shell.
must:Something that should not be overlooked or missed.
mustache:A strip of hair left to grow above the upper lip.
mustang:An American feral horse which is typically small and lightly built.
mustangs:An American feral horse which is typically small and lightly built.
mustard:A pungent-tasting yellow or brown paste made from the crushed seeds of certain plants, typically eaten with meat or used as a cooking ingredient.
muster:Assemble (troops), especially for inspection or in preparation for battle.
mustered:Assemble (troops), especially for inspection or in preparation for battle.
mustering:Assemble (troops), especially for inspection or in preparation for battle.
musters:Assemble (troops), especially for inspection or in preparation for battle.
mustier:Having a stale, mouldy, or damp smell.
mustiest:Having a stale, mouldy, or damp smell.
musts:Something that should not be overlooked or missed.
musty:Having a stale, moldy, or damp smell.
mutability:Liability or tendency to change.
mutable:Liable to change.
mutagens:An agent, such as radiation or a chemical substance, which causes genetic mutation.
mutant:A mutant form.
mutants:A mutant form.
mutate:Change or cause to change in form or nature.
mutated:Change in form or nature.
mutates:Change in form or nature.
mutating:Change in form or nature.
mutation:The action or process of mutating.
mutational:Relating to mutation, especially genetic change.
mutations:The action or process of mutating.
mute:Deaden, muffle, or soften the sound of.
muted:(of a sound or voice) quiet and soft.
mutes:Deaden, muffle, or soften the sound of.
mutilate:Inflict a violent and disfiguring injury on.
mutilated:Inflict a violent and disfiguring injury on.
mutilates:Inflict a violent and disfiguring injury on.
mutilating:Inflict a violent and disfiguring injury on.
mutilation:The action of mutilating or being mutilated.
mutilations:The action of mutilating or being mutilated.
mutineer:A person, especially a soldier or sailor, who rebels or refuses to obey the orders of a person in authority.
mutineers:A person, especially a soldier or sailor, who rebels or refuses to obey the orders of a person in authority.
muting:Deaden, muffle, or soften the sound of.
mutinied:Refuse to obey the orders of a person in authority.
mutinies:Refuse to obey the orders of a person in authority.
mutinous:(of a soldier or sailor) refusing to obey the orders of a person in authority.
mutiny:An open rebellion against the proper authorities, especially by soldiers or sailors against their officers.
mutt:A dog, especially a mongrel.
mutter:Say something in a low or barely audible voice, especially in dissatisfaction or irritation.
muttered:Say something in a low or barely audible voice, especially in dissatisfaction or irritation.
muttering:A privately expressed complaint or expression of dissatisfaction.
mutterings:A privately expressed complaint or expression of dissatisfaction.
mutters:Say something in a low or barely audible voice, especially in dissatisfaction or irritation.
mutton:The flesh of sheep, especially mature sheep, used as food.
mutts:A dog, especially a mongrel.
mutual:(of a feeling or action) experienced or done by each of two or more parties toward the other or others.
mutuality:The sharing of a feeling, action, or relationship between two or more parties.
mutually:With mutual action; in a mutual relationship.
muzak:Recorded light background music played through speakers in public places.
muzzle:Put a muzzle on (an animal)
muzzled:Put a muzzle on (an animal)
muzzles:Put a muzzle on (an animal)
muzzling:Put a muzzle on (an animal)
my:Belonging to or associated with the speaker.
myelin:A mixture of proteins and phospholipids forming a whitish insulating sheath around many nerve fibers, increasing the speed at which impulses are conducted.
myna:An Asian and Australasian starling that typically has dark plumage, gregarious behaviour, and a loud call.
mynahs:An Asian and Australasian starling that typically has dark plumage, gregarious behaviour, and a loud call.
myocardial:Relating to the muscular tissue of the heart.
myope:A nearsighted person.
myopia:Nearsightedness.
myopic:Nearsighted.
myriad:A countless or extremely great number.
myriads:A countless or extremely great number of people or things.
myrrh:A fragrant gum resin obtained from certain trees and used, especially in the Near East, in perfumery, medicines, and incense.
myself:Used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself as the object of a verb or preposition when he or she is the subject of the clause.
mysteries:Something that is difficult or impossible to understand or explain.
mysterious:Difficult or impossible to understand, explain, or identify.
mysteriously:In a way that is difficult or impossible to understand, explain, or identify.
mystery:Something that is difficult or impossible to understand or explain.
mystic:A person who seeks by contemplation and self-surrender to obtain unity with or absorption into the Deity or the absolute, or who believes in the spiritual apprehension of truths that are beyond the intellect.
mystical:Relating to mystics or religious mysticism.
mysticism:Belief that union with or absorption into the Deity or the absolute, or the spiritual apprehension of knowledge inaccessible to the intellect, may be attained through contemplation and self-surrender.
mystics:A person who seeks by contemplation and self-surrender to obtain unity with or absorption into the Deity or the absolute, or who believes in the spiritual apprehension of truths that are beyond the intellect.
mystified:Utterly bewilder or perplex (someone)
mystifies:Utterly bewilder or perplex (someone)
mystify:Utterly bewilder or perplex (someone)
mystifying:Utterly bewildering or perplexing.
mystique:A fascinating aura of mystery, awe, and power surrounding someone or something.
myth:A traditional story, especially one concerning the early history of a people or explaining some natural or social phenomenon, and typically involving supernatural beings or events.
mythic:Relating to or resembling myth.
mythical:Occurring in or characteristic of myths or folk tales.
mythological:Relating to, based on, or appearing in myths or mythology.
mythologies:A collection of myths, especially one belonging to a particular religious or cultural tradition.
mythology:A collection of myths, especially one belonging to a particular religious or cultural tradition.
myths:A traditional story, especially one concerning the early history of a people or explaining a natural or social phenomenon, and typically involving supernatural beings or events.
myxomatosis:A highly infectious and usually fatal viral disease of rabbits, causing swelling of the mucous membranes and inflammation and discharge around the eyes.
nab:Catch (someone) doing something wrong.
nabbed:Catch (someone) doing something wrong.
nabs:Catch (someone) doing something wrong.
nadir:The lowest point in the fortunes of a person or organization.
nag:Annoy or irritate (a person) with persistent fault-finding or continuous urging.
nagasaki:A city and port in southwestern Japan, on the western coast of Kyushu island; population 452,064 (2007). On August 9, 1945, it became the target of the second atom bomb dropped by the US.
nagged:Harass (someone) constantly to do something that they are averse to.
nagging:(of a person) constantly harassing someone to do something.
nags:Harass (someone) constantly to do something that they are averse to.
naiad:(in classical mythology) a water nymph said to inhabit a river, spring, or waterfall.
naiads:(in classical mythology) a water nymph said to inhabit a river, spring, or waterfall.
nail:Fasten to a surface or to something else with a nail or nails.
nailbiting:Causing great anxiety or tension.
nailed:Fastened or constructed with nails.
nailing:Fasten with a nail or nails.
nails:Fasten with a nail or nails.
nairobi:The capital of Kenya; population 3,010,000 (est. 2007). It is situated on the central Kenyan plateau at an altitude of 5,500 feet (1,680 m).
naive:(of a person or action) showing a lack of experience, wisdom, or judgment.
naively:In a way that shows a lack of experience, wisdom, or judgment.
naivete:The quality of being naive; lack of experience, wisdom, or judgment.
naivety:Lack of experience, wisdom, or judgment.
naked:(of a person or part of the body) without clothes.
nakedness:The state or fact of being naked.
name:Give a name to.
named:Give a name to.
namedropping:Casually mention (the name of a famous person one knows or claims to know) in order to impress others.
nameless:Having no name or no known name.
namely:That is to say; to be specific (used to introduce detailed information or a specific example)
nameplate:A plate or sign, typically made of metal, displaying the name of someone, such as the person working in a building or the builder of a ship.
nameplates:A plate or sign attached to something and bearing the name of the owner, occupier, maker, or the thing itself.
names:Give a name to.
namesake:A person or thing that has the same name as another.
namesakes:A person or thing that has the same name as another.
namibia:A country in southwestern Africa, largely desert, with a coastline on the Atlantic Ocean; population 2,500,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Windhoek; languages, English (official), Afrikaans, and various Bantu and Khoisan languages.
namibian:A native or inhabitant of Namibia.
naming:Give a name to.
nannies:Work as a nanny.
nanny:Work as a nanny.
nanometre:A metric unit of length equal to one thousand-millionth of a metre.
nanometres:A metric unit of length equal to one thousand-millionth of a metre.
nanosecond:One billionth of a second.
nanoseconds:One thousand-millionth of a second.
nanotechnology:The branch of technology that deals with dimensions and tolerances of less than 100 nanometers, especially the manipulation of individual atoms and molecules.
nap:Sleep lightly or briefly, especially during the day.
napalm:Attack with bombs containing napalm.
nape:The back of a person's neck.
naphtha:A flammable oil containing various hydrocarbons, obtained by the dry distillation of organic substances such as coal, shale, or petroleum.
napkin:A square piece of cloth or paper used at a meal to wipe the fingers or lips and to protect garments, or to serve food on.
napkins:A square piece of cloth or paper used at a meal to wipe the fingers or lips and to protect garments.
naples:A city and port on the western coast of Italy; population 963,661 (2008). It was formerly the capital of the kingdom of Naples and Sicily (1816–60).
napoleon:A gold twenty-franc French coin minted during the reign of Napoleon I.
napped:(of a textile) having a nap, usually of a specified kind.
nappies:A piece of towelling or other absorbent material wrapped round a baby's bottom and between its legs to absorb and retain urine and faeces.
napping:Sleep lightly or briefly, especially during the day.
nappy:A piece of absorbent material wrapped around a baby's bottom and between its legs to absorb and retain urine and feces; a diaper.
naps:Sleep lightly or briefly, especially during the day.
narcissism:Excessive interest in or admiration of oneself and one's physical appearance.
narcissistic:Having an excessive or erotic interest in oneself and one's physical appearance.
narcoleptic:A person affected by an extreme tendency to fall asleep.
narcosis:A state of stupor, drowsiness, or unconsciousness produced by drugs.
narcotic:A drug or other substance that affects mood or behavior and is consumed for nonmedical purposes, especially one sold illegally.
narcotics:A drug or other substance that affects mood or behaviour and is consumed for non-medical purposes, especially one sold illegally.
narrate:Give a spoken or written account of.
narrated:Give a spoken or written account of.
narrates:Give a spoken or written account of.
narrating:Give a spoken or written account of.
narration:The action or process of narrating a story.
narrations:The action or process of narrating a story.
narrative:A spoken or written account of connected events; a story.
narratives:A spoken or written account of connected events; a story.
narratology:The branch of knowledge or literary criticism that deals with the structure and function of narrative and its themes, conventions, and symbols.
narrator:A person who narrates something, especially a character who recounts the events of a novel or narrative poem.
narrators:A person who narrates something, especially a character who recounts the events of a novel or narrative poem.
narrow:Become or make less wide.
narrowed:Become or make less wide.
narrower:Become or make less wide.
narrowest:Become or make less wide.
narrowing:Become or make less wide.
narrowly:By only a small margin; barely.
narrowness:Small width in relation to length.
narrows:A strait about 2 miles (3.2 km) long connecting upper and lower New York Bay, between Staten Island and Brooklyn.
narwhal:A small Arctic whale, the male of which has a long forward-pointing spirally twisted tusk developed from one of its teeth.
nasal:A nasal speech sound.
nasalised:(of a speech sound) pronounced or uttered with the breath resonating in the nose.
nascent:(especially of a process or organization) just coming into existence and beginning to display signs of future potential.
nastier:An unpleasant or harmful person or thing.
nastiest:An unpleasant or harmful person or thing.
nastiness:The state or quality of being nasty.
nasturtium:A South American trailing plant with round leaves and bright orange, yellow, or red edible flowers that is widely grown as an ornamental.
nasturtiums:A South American trailing plant with round leaves and bright orange, yellow, or red flowers, which is widely grown as an ornamental.
nasty:An unpleasant or harmful person or thing.
natal:Relating to the place or time of one's birth.
nation:A large body of people united by common descent, history, culture, or language, inhabiting a particular country or territory.
national:A citizen of a particular country, typically entitled to hold that country's passport.
nationalisation:The transfer of a major branch of industry or commerce from private to state ownership or control.
nationalisations:The transfer of a major branch of industry or commerce from private to state ownership or control.
nationalise:Transfer (a major branch of industry or commerce) from private to state ownership or control.
nationalised:(of a major branch of industry or commerce) under state ownership or control.
nationalising:Transfer (a major branch of industry or commerce) from private to state ownership or control.
nationalism:Identification with one's own nation and support for its interests, especially to the exclusion or detriment of the interests of other nations.
nationalist:A person who strongly identifies with their own nation and vigorously supports its interests, especially to the exclusion or detriment of the interests of other nations.
nationalistic:Having or expressing strong identification with one's own nation and vigorous support for its interests, especially to the exclusion or detriment of the interests of other nations.
nationalities:The status of belonging to a particular nation.
nationality:The status of belonging to a particular nation.
nationally:In a way that relates to a whole nation.
nationals:A citizen of a particular country.
nationhood:The fact or status of being a nation; national identity or independence.
nations:A large body of people united by common descent, history, culture, or language, inhabiting a particular country or territory.
nationwide:Throughout a whole nation.
native:A person born in a specified place or associated with a place by birth, whether subsequently resident there or not.
natives:A person born in a specified place or associated with a place by birth, whether subsequently resident there or not.
nativity:The occasion of a person's birth.
nato:North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
nattering:Talk casually, especially on unimportant matters; chat.
natural:Naturally.
naturalisation:The admittance of a foreigner to the citizenship of a country.
naturalise:Admit (a foreigner) to the citizenship of a country.
naturalised:(of a foreigner) admitted to the citizenship of a country.
naturalism:(in art and literature) a style and theory of representation based on the accurate depiction of detail.
naturalist:An expert in or student of natural history.
naturalistic:Derived from real life or nature, or imitating it very closely.
naturalists:An expert in or student of natural history.
naturally:Without special help or intervention; in a natural manner.
naturalness:The quality or state of being natural.
nature:The phenomena of the physical world collectively, including plants, animals, the landscape, and other features and products of the earth, as opposed to humans or human creations.
natures:The phenomena of the physical world collectively, including plants, animals, the landscape, and other features and products of the earth, as opposed to humans or human creations.
naturist:A person who goes naked in designated areas; a nudist.
naturists:A person who goes naked in designated areas; a nudist.
naught:Nothing.
naughtiest:(especially of a child) badly behaved; disobedient.
naughts:Nothing.
naughty:(especially of children) disobedient; badly behaved.
nausea:A feeling of sickness with an inclination to vomit.
nauseate:Make (someone) feel sick; affect with nausea.
nauseated:Affect with nausea.
nauseates:Affect with nausea.
nauseating:Causing or liable to cause a feeling of nausea or disgust; disgusting.
nauseous:Affected with nausea; inclined to vomit.
nautical:Of or concerning sailors or navigation; maritime.
nautili:A cephalopod mollusc with a light external spiral shell and numerous short tentacles around the mouth.
nautilus:A cephalopod mollusk with a light external spiral shell and numerous short tentacles around the mouth. Nautiluses swim with the buoyant gas-filled shell upright and descend to greater depths during the day.
naval:Of, in, or relating to a navy or navies.
nave:The central part of a church building, intended to accommodate most of the congregation. In traditional Western churches it is rectangular, separated from the chancel by a step or rail, and from adjacent aisles by pillars.
navel:A rounded knotty depression in the center of a person's belly caused by the detachment of the umbilical cord after birth; the umbilicus.
navels:A rounded knotty depression in the centre of a person's belly caused by the detachment of the umbilical cord after birth; the umbilicus.
navigable:(of a waterway or sea) able to be sailed on by ships or boats.
navigate:Plan and direct the route or course of a ship, aircraft, or other form of transportation, especially by using instruments or maps.
navigated:Plan and direct the course of a ship, aircraft, or other form of transport, especially by using instruments or maps.
navigating:Plan and direct the course of a ship, aircraft, or other form of transport, especially by using instruments or maps.
navigation:The process or activity of accurately ascertaining one's position and planning and following a route.
navigational:Relating to or used for navigation on a route.
navigator:A person who directs the route or course of a ship, aircraft, or other form of transportation, especially by using instruments and maps.
navigators:A person who navigates a ship, aircraft, etc.
navvies:A labourer employed in the excavation and construction of a road, railway, or canal.
navvy:A laborer employed in the excavation and construction of a road, railroad, or canal.
navy:The branch of a nation's armed services that conducts military operations at sea.
nay:Or rather; and more than that (used to emphasize a more appropriate word than one just used)
nazi:A member of the far-right National Socialist German Workers' Party.
nazis:A member of the far-right National Socialist German Workers' Party.
nazism:The political principles of the National Socialist German Workers' Party.
ndebele:A member of a people of Zimbabwe and northeastern South Africa.
ne:Originally called; born (used before the name by which a man was originally known)
near:At or to a short distance away from (a place)
nearby:Close by; very near.
neared:At or to a short distance away from (a place)
nearer:At or to a short distance away from (a place)
nearest:At or to a short distance away from (a place)
nearing:At or to a short distance away from (a place)
nearly:Very close to; almost.
nearness:The condition of being near; proximity.
nears:At or to a short distance away from (a place)
nearside:The side of a vehicle nearest the curb (in Britain, the left)
nearsighted:Unable to see things clearly unless they are relatively close to the eyes, owing to the focusing of rays of light by the eye at a point in front of the retina; myopic.
neat:(of a place or thing) arranged in an orderly, tidy way.
neaten:Make neat; arrange in an orderly, tidy way.
neatening:Make (something) tidy.
neatens:Make (something) tidy.
neater:Arranged in a tidy way; in good order.
neatest:Arranged in a tidy way; in good order.
neatly:In a neat way.
neatness:The quality or condition of being neat.
nebula:A cloud of gas and dust in outer space, visible in the night sky either as an indistinct bright patch or as a dark silhouette against other luminous matter.
nebulae:A cloud of gas and dust in outer space, visible in the night sky either as an indistinct bright patch or as a dark silhouette against other luminous matter.
nebular:Relating to or denoting a nebula or nebulae.
nebulas:A cloud of gas and dust in outer space, visible in the night sky either as an indistinct bright patch or as a dark silhouette against other luminous matter.
nebulous:In the form of a cloud or haze; hazy.
necessaries:The basic requirements of life, such as food and warmth.
necessarily:As a necessary result; inevitably.
necessary:The basic requirements of life, such as food and warmth.
necessitate:Make (something) necessary as a result or consequence.
necessitated:Make (something) necessary as a result or consequence.
necessitates:Make (something) necessary as a result or consequence.
necessitating:Make (something) necessary as a result or consequence.
necessities:The state or fact of being required.
necessity:The fact of being required or indispensable.
neck:(of two people) kiss and caress amorously.
neckband:A strip of material around the neck of a garment.
necking:A short, plain, concave section between the capital and the shaft of a classical Doric or Tuscan column.
necklace:(in South Africa) kill (someone) with a tire necklace.
necklaces:(in South Africa) kill (someone) with a tyre necklace.
neckline:The edge of a woman's garment at or below the neck, used with reference to its height or shape.
necklines:The edge of a woman's garment at or below the neck, used with reference to its height or shape.
necks:(of two people) kiss and caress amorously.
necromancer:A person who practices necromancy; a wizard or magician.
necromancers:A person who practises necromancy; a wizard or magician.
necromancy:The supposed practice of communicating with the dead, especially in order to predict the future.
necromantic:Relating to witchcraft or black magic, especially the supposed practice of communicating with the dead.
necrophilia:Sexual intercourse with or attraction towards corpses.
necropolis:A cemetery, especially a large one belonging to an ancient city.
necrosis:The death of most or all of the cells in an organ or tissue due to disease, injury, or failure of the blood supply.
nectar:A sugary fluid secreted by plants, especially within flowers to encourage pollination by insects and other animals. It is collected by bees to make into honey.
nectarines:A peach of a variety with smooth red and yellow skin and rich, firm flesh.
nee:Originally called; born (used especially in adding a woman's maiden name after her married name)
need:Require (something) because it is essential or very important.
needed:Require (something) because it is essential or very important rather than just desirable.
needful:Necessary; requisite.
needier:(of a person) lacking the necessities of life; very poor.
neediest:(of a person) lacking the necessities of life; very poor.
needing:Require (something) because it is essential or very important rather than just desirable.
needle:Prick or pierce (something) with or as if with a needle.
needlecraft:Needlework.
needled:Prick or pierce with or as if with a needle.
needles:Prick or pierce with or as if with a needle.
needless:(of something bad) unnecessary; avoidable.
needlessly:In a way that is unnecessary because it is avoidable.
needlework:The art or practice of sewing or embroidery.
needling:Prick or pierce with or as if with a needle.
needs:Of necessity.
needy:(of a person) lacking the necessities of life; very poor.
negate:Nullify; make ineffective.
negated:Make ineffective; nullify.
negates:Make ineffective; nullify.
negating:Make ineffective; nullify.
negation:The contradiction or denial of something.
negations:The contradiction or denial of something.
negative:A word or statement that expresses denial, disagreement, or refusal.
negatively:In a negative way, especially by expressing denial, disagreement, or refusal.
negatives:Refuse to accept; reject.
negativism:The practice of being or tendency to be negative or skeptical in attitude while failing to offer positive suggestions or views.
negativity:The expression of criticism of or pessimism about something.
negev:An arid region that forms most of southern Israel, between Beersheba and the Gulf of Aqaba, on the Egyptian border. Large areas are irrigated for agriculture and many Israeli communities have been established here.
neglect:Fail to care for properly.
neglected:Suffering a lack of proper care.
neglectful:Not giving proper care or attention to someone or something.
neglecting:Fail to care for properly.
neglects:Fail to care for properly.
negligee:A woman's light dressing gown, typically made of a filmy, soft fabric.
negligees:A woman's light dressing gown, typically made of a filmy, soft fabric.
negligence:Failure to take proper care in doing something.
negligent:Failing to take proper care in doing something.
negligible:So small or unimportant as to be not worth considering; insignificant.
negotiable:Open to discussion or modification.
negotiate:Obtain or bring about by discussion.
negotiated:Obtain or bring about by discussion.
negotiates:Obtain or bring about by discussion.
negotiating:Obtain or bring about by discussion.
negotiation:Discussion aimed at reaching an agreement.
negotiations:Discussion aimed at reaching an agreement.
negotiator:A person who conducts negotiations.
negotiators:A person who conducts negotiations.
negroid:Relating to the division of humankind represented by the indigenous peoples of central and southern Africa.
neigh:A characteristic high-pitched sound uttered by a horse.
neighbour:(of a place or object) be situated next to or very near (another)
neighbourhood:A district or community within a town or city.
neighbourhoods:A district or community within a town or city.
neighbouring:Next to or very near another place; adjacent.
neighbourly:Characteristic of a good neighbour, especially in being helpful, friendly, or kind.
neighbours:(of a place or object) be situated next to or very near (another)
neighed:(of a horse) utter a neigh.
neighing:(of a horse) utter a neigh.
neither:Used before the first of two (or occasionally more) alternatives that are being specified (the others being introduced by “nor”) to indicate that they are each untrue or each do not happen.
nematode:A worm of the large phylum Nematoda, such as a roundworm or threadworm.
nematodes:A worm of the large phylum Nematoda, such as a roundworm or threadworm.
nemesis:The inescapable agent of someone's or something's downfall.
neolithic:The later part of the Stone Age, when ground or polished stone weapons and implements prevailed.
neologism:A newly coined word or expression.
neologisms:A newly coined word or expression.
neon:The chemical element of atomic number 10, an inert gaseous element of the noble gas group. It is obtained by the distillation of liquid air and is used in fluorescent lamps and advertising signs.Fluorescent lighting or signs (whether containing neon or some other gas)A small lamp containing neon.Very bright or fluorescent in color.
neonatal:Relating to newborn children (or other mammals)
neonate:A newborn child (or other mammal).
neonates:A newborn child (or other mammal).
neophyte:A person who is new to a subject, skill, or belief.
neophytes:A person who is new to a subject or activity.
neoplasm:A new and abnormal growth of tissue in some part of the body, especially as a characteristic of cancer.
neoplasms:A new and abnormal growth of tissue in a part of the body, especially as a characteristic of cancer.
neoprene:A synthetic polymer resembling rubber, resistant to oil, heat, and weathering.
nepal:A mountainous landlocked country in southern Asia, in the Himalayas (including Mount Everest); population 28,500,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Kathmandu; language, Nepali (official).
nephew:A son of one's brother or sister, or of one's brother-in-law or sister-in-law.
nephews:A son of one's brother or sister, or of one's brother-in-law or sister-in-law.
nephritis:Inflammation of the kidneys.
nepotism:The practice among those with power or influence of favoring relatives or friends, especially by giving them jobs.
neptune:A distant planet of the solar system, eighth in order from the sun, discovered in 1846.
neptunium:The chemical element of atomic number 93, a radioactive metal of the actinide series. Neptunium was discovered as a product of the bombardment of uranium with neutrons, and occurs only in trace amounts in nature.
nerd:A foolish or contemptible person who lacks social skills or is boringly studious.
nerds:Engage in or discuss a technical field obsessively or with great attention to detail.
nerve:Brace oneself mentally to face a demanding situation.
nerveless:Inert; lacking vigor or feeling.
nerves:Brace oneself mentally to face a demanding situation.
nervous:Easily agitated or alarmed; tending to be anxious; highly strung.
nervously:In an anxious or apprehensive manner.
nervousness:The quality or state of being nervous.
nervy:Bold or impudent.
nest:(of a bird or other animal) use or build a nest.
nestable:Capable of being nested or packed within one another; (Computing, of subroutines, files, etc.) able to be embedded within similar objects to form a hierarchical structure.
nested:(of similar objects of graduated sizes) placed or stored one inside the other.
nesting:(of a bird or other animal) building or occupying a nest.
nestle:Settle or lie comfortably within or against something.
nestled:Settle or lie comfortably within or against something.
nestles:Settle or lie comfortably within or against something.
nestling:A bird that is too young to leave its nest.
nests:(of a bird or other animal) use or build a nest.
net:Catch or land (a fish or other animal) with a net.
netball:A game with seven players on a side, similar to basketball except that a player receiving the ball must stand still until they have passed it to another player.
nether:Lower in position.
nethermost:Lowest in position.
nets:Catch or land (a fish or other animal) with a net.
netting:Open-meshed material made by knotting together twine, wire, rope, or thread.
nettle:Irritate or annoy (someone)
nettled:Irritate or annoy (someone)
nettles:Irritate or annoy (someone)
network:Connect as or operate with a network.
networked:Connect as or operate with a network.
networking:The action or process of interacting with others to exchange information and develop professional or social contacts.
networks:Connect as or operate with a network.
neural:Relating to a nerve or the nervous system.
neuralgia:Intense, typically intermittent pain along the course of a nerve, especially in the head or face.
neurobiology:The biology of the nervous system.
neurological:Relating to the anatomy, functions, and organic disorders of nerves and the nervous system.
neurologist:A specialist in the anatomy, functions, and organic disorders of nerves and the nervous system.
neurologists:A specialist in the anatomy, functions, and organic disorders of nerves and the nervous system.
neurology:The branch of medicine or biology that deals with the anatomy, functions, and organic disorders of nerves and the nervous system.
neuron:A specialized cell transmitting nerve impulses; a nerve cell.
neuronal:Relating to a neuron or neurons.
neurone:A specialized cell transmitting nerve impulses; a nerve cell.
neurones:A specialized cell transmitting nerve impulses; a nerve cell.
neurons:A specialized cell transmitting nerve impulses; a nerve cell.
neurophysiology:The physiology of the nervous system.
neuroscience:Any or all of the sciences, such as neurochemistry and experimental psychology, which deal with the structure or function of the nervous system and brain.
neuroscientists:An expert in neuroscience.
neuroses:A relatively mild mental illness that is not caused by organic disease, involving symptoms of stress (depression, anxiety, obsessive behaviour, hypochondria) but not a radical loss of touch with reality.
neurosis:A relatively mild mental illness that is not caused by organic disease, involving symptoms of stress (depression, anxiety, obsessive behaviour, hypochondria) but not a radical loss of touch with reality.
neurosurgeon:A surgeon specializing in surgery on the nervous system, especially the brain and spinal cord.
neurosurgeons:A surgeon specializing in surgery on the nervous system, especially the brain and spinal cord.
neurosurgery:Surgery performed on the nervous system, especially the brain and spinal cord.
neurotic:A neurotic person.
neurotics:A neurotic person.
neurotransmitter:A chemical substance that is released at the end of a nerve fiber by the arrival of a nerve impulse and, by diffusing across the synapse or junction, causes the transfer of the impulse to another nerve fiber, a muscle fiber, or some other structure.
neurotransmitters:A chemical substance which is released at the end of a nerve fibre by the arrival of a nerve impulse and, by diffusing across the synapse or junction, effects the transfer of the impulse to another nerve fibre, a muscle fibre, or some other structure.
neuter:Castrate or spay (a domestic animal)
neutered:Castrate or spay (a domestic animal)
neutering:Castrate or spay (a domestic animal)
neuters:Castrate or spay (a domestic animal)
neutral:An impartial or unbiased country or person.
neutralise:Make (something) ineffective by applying an opposite force or effect.
neutralised:Make (something) ineffective by applying an opposite force or effect.
neutralises:Make (something) ineffective by applying an opposite force or effect.
neutralising:Make (something) ineffective by applying an opposite force or effect.
neutralism:A policy of political neutrality.
neutrality:The state of not supporting or helping either side in a conflict, disagreement, etc.; impartiality.
neutrals:An impartial or unbiased state or person.
neutrino:A neutral subatomic particle with a mass close to zero and half-integral spin, rarely reacting with normal matter. Three kinds of neutrinos are known, associated with the electron, muon, and tau particle.
neutron:A subatomic particle of about the same mass as a proton but without an electric charge, present in all atomic nuclei except those of ordinary hydrogen.
neutrons:A subatomic particle of about the same mass as a proton but without an electric charge, present in all atomic nuclei except those of ordinary hydrogen.
never:At no time in the past or future; on no occasion; not ever.
neverending:(especially of something unpleasant) having or seeming to have no end.
nevertheless:In spite of that; notwithstanding; all the same.
new:Newly; recently.
newborn:A recently born child or animal.
newcomer:A person or thing that has recently arrived in a place or joined a group.
newcomers:A person who has recently arrived in a place.
newer:Newly; recently.
newest:Newly; recently.
newfangled:Different from what one is used to; objectionably new.
newfound:Recently discovered or established.
newly:Recently.
newlywed:A recently married person.
newlyweds:A recently married person.
newness:The quality of being new or original.
news:Newly received or noteworthy information, especially about recent or important events.
newsagent:A person or a shop selling newspapers and magazines.
newsagents:A person or shop selling newspapers, magazines, confectionery, etc.
newsboy:A boy who sells or delivers newspapers.
newscast:A radio or television broadcast of news reports.
newscasters:A person who reads out broadcast news stories; a newsreader.
newsflash:A single item of important news broadcast separately and often interrupting other programmes.
newsflashes:A single item of important news broadcast separately and often interrupting other programmes.
newsletter:A bulletin issued periodically to the members of a society, business, or organization.
newsletters:A bulletin issued periodically to the members of a society or other organization.
newsman:A reporter or journalist.
newsmen:A male reporter or journalist.
newspaper:A printed publication (usually issued daily or weekly) consisting of folded unstapled sheets and containing news, feature articles, advertisements, and correspondence.
newspapermen:A male newspaper journalist.
newspapers:A printed publication (usually issued daily or weekly) consisting of folded unstapled sheets and containing news, articles, advertisements, and correspondence.
newsprint:Cheap, low-quality absorbent printing paper made from coarse wood pulp and used chiefly for newspapers.
newsreader:A computer program for reading messages posted to newsgroups.
newsreaders:A person who reads out broadcast news bulletins.
newsreel:A short film of news and current affairs, formerly made for showing as part of the program in a movie theater.
newsreels:A short film of news and current affairs, formerly made for showing as part of the programme in a cinema.
newsroom:The area in a newspaper or broadcasting office where news is written and edited.
newsstand:A stand or stall for the sale of newspapers.
newsworthy:Noteworthy as news; topical.
newsy:Full of news, especially of a personal kind.
newt:A small slender-bodied amphibian with lungs and a well-developed tail, typically spending its adult life on land and returning to water to breed.
newton:The SI unit of force. It is equal to the force that would give a mass of one kilogram an acceleration of one meter per second per second, and is equivalent to 100,000 dynes.
newts:A small slender-bodied amphibian with lungs and a well-developed tail, typically spending its adult life on land and returning to water to breed.
next:Next to.
nguni:A member of a group of peoples living mainly in southern Africa.
nib:The pointed end part of a pen, which distributes the ink on the writing surface.
nibble:Take small bites out of.
nibbled:Take small bites out of.
nibbler:A person who habitually nibbles at food.
nibblers:A person who habitually nibbles at food.
nibbles:Take small bites out of.
nibbling:Take small bites out of.
nibs:A mock title used to refer to a self-important man, especially one in authority.
nice:Pleasant; agreeable; satisfactory.
nicely:In a pleasant, agreeable, or attractive manner.
niceness:The quality of being nice; pleasantness.
nicer:Giving pleasure or satisfaction; pleasant or attractive.
nicest:Giving pleasure or satisfaction; pleasant or attractive.
niceties:A fine or subtle detail or distinction.
nicety:A fine detail or distinction, especially one regarded as intricate and fussy.
niche:Place (something) in a niche or recess.
niches:Place (something) in a niche or recess.
nick:Make a nick or nicks in.
nicked:Make a nick or nicks in.
nickel:Coat with nickel.
nicking:Make a nick or nicks in.
nickname:Give a nickname to; call by a nickname.
nicknamed:Give a nickname to.
nicknames:Give a nickname to.
nicks:Nothing, nothing at all; not any, none.
nicotine:A toxic colorless or yellowish oily liquid that is the chief active constituent of tobacco. It acts as a stimulant in small doses, but in larger amounts blocks the action of autonomic nerve and skeletal muscle cells. Nicotine is also used in insecticides.
niece:A daughter of one's brother or sister, or of one's brother-in-law or sister-in-law.
nieces:A daughter of one's brother or sister, or of one's brother-in-law or sister-in-law.
nifty:Particularly good, skillful, or effective.
niger:A river in northwestern Africa that rises on the northeastern border of Sierra Leone and flows northeast and then southeast in a great arc for 2,550 miles (4,100 km) to Mali and through western Niger and Nigeria before turning south into the Gulf of Guinea.
nigeria:A country on the coast of West Africa, bordered by the Niger River on the north; population 182,200,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Abuja; languages, English (official), Hausa, Ibo, Yoruba, and others.
niggardly:In a stingy or meager manner.
niggle:Cause slight but persistent annoyance, discomfort, or anxiety.
niggled:Cause slight but persistent annoyance, discomfort, or anxiety.
niggles:Cause slight but persistent annoyance, discomfort, or anxiety.
niggling:Causing slight but persistent annoyance, discomfort, or anxiety.
nigh:Almost.
night:During the night; at night.
nightcap:A cap worn in bed.
nightcaps:A cap worn in bed.
nightclothes:Clothes worn in bed.
nightclub:An establishment for nighttime entertainment, typically serving drinks and offering music, dancing, etc.
nightclubs:An entertainment venue that is open from the evening until early morning, having facilities such as a bar and disco or other entertainment.
nightdress:another term for nightgown
nightdresses:A light, loose garment worn by a woman or child in bed.
nightfall:The onset of night; dusk.
nightgown:A light, loose garment worn by a woman or child in bed.
nightie:A nightgown.
nighties:A nightdress.
nightingale:A small European thrush with drab brownish plumage, noted for the rich melodious song of the male, heard especially at night in breeding season.
nightingales:A small migratory thrush with drab brownish plumage, noted for its rich melodious song which can often be heard at night.
nightlife:Social activities or entertainment available at night in a town or city.
nightly:Every night.
nightmare:A frightening or unpleasant dream.
nightmares:A frightening or unpleasant dream.
nightmarish:Of the nature of a nightmare; very frightening or unpleasant.
nights:During the night; at night.
nightwatchman:A person whose job is to guard a building at night.
nightwear:Clothing suitable for wearing in bed.
nihilism:The rejection of all religious and moral principles, in the belief that life is meaningless.
nihilist:A person who believes that life is meaningless and rejects all religious and moral principles.
nihilistic:Rejecting all religious and moral principles in the belief that life is meaningless.
nil:Zero, especially as a score in certain games.
nile:A river in eastern Africa, the longest river in the world, that rises in east central Africa near Lake Victoria and flows 4,160 miles (6,695 km) north through Uganda, South Sudan, Sudan, and Egypt to empty through a large delta into the Mediterranean Sea.
nils:Nothing, especially as the score in certain games; zero.
nimble:Quick and light in movement or action; agile.
nimbleness:The quality of being nimble.
nimbly:In a nimble way.
nimbus:A luminous cloud or a halo surrounding a supernatural being or a saint.
nincompoop:A foolish or stupid person.
nine:Equivalent to the product of three and three; one more than eight, or one less than ten; 9.A group or unit of nine individuals.Nine years old.Nine o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by nine.A playing card with nine pips.The nine Muses.
ninefold:By nine times; to nine times the number or amount.
nines:Equivalent to the product of three and three; one more than eight, or one less than ten; 9.A group of nine individuals.Nine years old.Nine o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by nine.A playing card with nine pips.The nine Muses.
nineteen:One more than eighteen; nine more than ten; 19.Nineteen years old.
nineteenth:Constituting number nineteen in a sequence; 19th.
ninetieth:Constituting number ninety in a sequence; 90th.
ninety:Equivalent to the product of nine and ten; ten less than one hundred; 90.The numbers from 90 to 99, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Ninety years old.Ninety miles an hour.
nineveh:An ancient city located on the eastern bank of the Tigris River, opposite the modern city of Mosul. It was the oldest city of the ancient Assyrian empire and its capital until it was destroyed by a coalition of Babylonians and Medes in 612 BC.
ninny:A foolish person.
ninth:Constituting number nine in a sequence; 9th.
nip:Pinch, squeeze, or bite sharply.
nipped:Bite or pinch sharply.
nipper:A child, especially a small boy.
nipping:Bite or pinch sharply.
nipple:Provide (something) with a projection like a nipple.
nipples:The small projection in which the mammary ducts of female mammals terminate and from which milk can be secreted.
nippon:Japanese name for Japan
nips:Bite or pinch sharply.
nirvana:(in Buddhism) a transcendent state in which there is neither suffering, desire, nor sense of self, and the subject is released from the effects of karma and the cycle of death and rebirth. It represents the final goal of Buddhism.
nit:The egg or young form of a louse or other parasitic insect, especially the egg of a head louse attached to a human hair.
nitpicking:Fussy fault-finding.
nitrate:Treat (a substance) with nitric acid (typically a concentrated mixture of nitric and sulfuric acids), especially so as to introduce nitro groups.
nitrates:Treat (a substance) with nitric acid, especially so as to introduce nitro groups.
nitric:Of or containing nitrogen with a higher valence, often five.
nitrogen:The chemical element of atomic number 7, a colorless, odorless unreactive gas that forms about 78 percent of the earth's atmosphere. Liquid nitrogen (made by distilling liquid air) boils at 77.4 kelvins (−195.8°C) and is used as a coolant.
nitrogenous:Containing nitrogen in chemical combination.
nitroglycerine:An explosive yellow liquid made by nitrating glycerol, used in explosives such as dynamite.
nitrous:Of or containing nitrogen with a lower valence, often three.
nits:The egg or young form of a louse or other parasitic insect, especially the egg of a human head louse attached to a hair.
nitwit:A silly or foolish person (often as a general term of abuse)
no:Not any.
noah:(in the Bible) a patriarch represented as tenth in descent from Adam. According to a story in Genesis, he made the ark that saved his family and specimens of every animal from the Flood.
nobility:The quality of being noble in character, mind, birth, or rank.
noble:(especially in former times) a person of noble rank or birth.
nobleman:A man who belongs to the noble class.
noblemen:A man who belongs by rank, title, or birth to the aristocracy; a peer.
nobler:(especially in former times) a person of noble rank or birth.
nobles:(especially in former times) a person of noble rank or birth.
noblest:(especially in former times) a person of noble rank or birth.
nobly:From a family of high rank.
nobodies:No person; no one.
nobody:No person; no one.
noctuids:A moth of a large family (Noctuidae ) whose members typically have dull forewings and pale or colourful hindwings.
nocturnal:Done, occurring, or active at night.
nocturne:A short composition of a romantic or dreamy character suggestive of night, typically for piano.
nocturnes:A short composition of a romantic nature, typically for piano.
nod:Lower and raise one's head slightly and briefly, especially in greeting, assent, or understanding, or to give someone a signal.
nodal:Denoting a point in a network or diagram at which lines or pathways intersect or branch.
nodded:Lower and raise one's head slightly and briefly, especially in greeting, assent, or understanding, or to give someone a signal.
nodding:Lower and raise one's head slightly and briefly, especially in greeting, assent, or understanding, or to give someone a signal.
noddle:A person's head.
noddy:A silly or foolish person (especially as a general term of abuse).
node:A point at which lines or pathways intersect or branch; a central or connecting point.
nodes:A point in a network or diagram at which lines or pathways intersect or branch.
nods:Lower and raise one's head slightly and briefly, especially in greeting, assent, or understanding, or to give someone a signal.
nodule:A small swelling or aggregation of cells in the body, especially an abnormal one.
noduled:Characterized by or having nodules.
nodules:A small swelling or aggregation of cells in the body, especially an abnormal one.
noel:Christmas, especially as a refrain in carols and on Christmas cards.
noggin:A person's head.
nogging:Brickwork that fills the spaces between studs or framing members.
nohow:Used, especially in jocular or dialectal speech, to emphasize a negative.
noise:Talk about or make known publicly.
noiseless:Silent; quiet.
noises:Talk about or make known publicly.
noisier:Making or given to making a lot of noise.
noisiest:Making or given to making a lot of noise.
noisily:In a manner that makes a lot of noise.
noisome:Having an extremely offensive smell.
noisy:Making or given to making a lot of noise.
nomad:A member of a people having no permanent abode, and who travel from place to place to find fresh pasture for their livestock.
nomadic:Living the life of a nomad; wandering.
nomads:A member of a people that travels from place to place to find fresh pasture for its animals and has no permanent home.
nomenclature:The devising or choosing of names for things, especially in a science or other discipline.
nominal:(of a role or status) existing in name only.
nominally:In name only; officially though perhaps not in reality.
nominate:Propose or formally enter as a candidate for election or for an honor or award.
nominated:Propose or formally enter as a candidate for election or for an honour or award.
nominates:Propose or formally enter as a candidate for election or for an honour or award.
nominating:Propose or formally enter as a candidate for election or for an honour or award.
nomination:The action of nominating or state of being nominated.
nominations:The action of nominating or state of being nominated.
nominative:A word in the nominative case.
nominee:A person who is proposed or formally entered as a candidate for an office or as the recipient of a grant or award.
nominees:A person who is nominated as a candidate for election or for an honour or award.
non:Expressing negation or absence.
nonbeliever:A person who does not believe in something, especially one who has no religious faith.
nonbelievers:A person who does not believe in a particular thing, especially one who has no religious faith.
nonchalance:The state of being nonchalant.
nonchalant:(of a person or manner) feeling or appearing casually calm and relaxed; not displaying anxiety, interest, or enthusiasm.
nonchalantly:In a casually calm and relaxed manner.
nonconformist:A person whose behavior or views do not conform to prevailing ideas or practices.
nonconformists:A member of a Protestant Church which dissents from the established Church of England.
nonconformity:Failure or refusal to conform to a prevailing rule or practice.
nondrinkers:A person who does not drink alcohol.
none:By no amount; not at all.
nonentities:A person or thing with no special or interesting qualities; an unimportant person or thing.
nonentity:A person or thing with no special or interesting qualities; an unimportant person or thing.
nonessential:A nonessential thing.
nonessentials:A non-essential thing.
nonetheless:In spite of that; nevertheless.
nonevent:A disappointing or insignificant event or occasion, especially one that was expected or intended to be exciting or interesting.
nonexistence:The fact or state of not existing or not being real or present.
nonexistent:Not existing or not real or present.
nonfunctional:Not having any particular purpose or function.
noninterference:Failure or refusal to intervene without invitation or necessity, especially in political matters.
nonintervention:The principle or practice of not becoming involved in the affairs of others.
nonparticipation:The fact or condition of not being involved with or participating in something.
nonpayment:Failure to pay an amount of money that is owed.
nonplussed:(of a person) surprised and confused so much that they are unsure how to react.
nonsense:Spoken or written words that have no meaning or make no sense.
nonsensical:Having no meaning; making no sense.
nonsmoker:A person who does not smoke tobacco.
nonsmokers:A person who does not smoke tobacco.
nonsmoking:(of a place) in which smoking tobacco is not permitted.
nonviolence:The use of peaceful means, not force, to bring about political or social change.
nonviolent:Using peaceful means rather than force, especially to bring about political or social change.
noodle:A strip, ring, or tube of pasta or a similar dough, typically made with egg and usually eaten with a sauce or in a soup.
noodles:A very thin, long strip of pasta or a similar flour paste, eaten with a sauce or in a soup.
nook:A corner or recess, especially one offering seclusion or security.
nooks:A corner or recess, especially one offering seclusion or security.
noon:Twelve o'clock in the day; midday.
noonday:The middle of the day.
noons:Twelve o'clock in the day; midday.
noontide:Noon.
noose:Put a noose on (someone)
noosed:Put a noose on (someone)
nooses:News.
nor:literary term for neither
noradrenalin:A hormone that is released by the adrenal medulla and by the sympathetic nerves and functions as a neurotransmitter. It is also used as a drug to raise blood pressure.
noradrenaline:A hormone that is released by the adrenal medulla and by the sympathetic nerves and functions as a neurotransmitter. It is also used as a drug to raise blood pressure.
nordic:A native of Scandinavia, Finland, or Iceland.
norm:Something that is usual, typical, or standard.
normal:The usual, average, or typical state or condition.
normalcy:The condition of being normal; the state of being usual, typical, or expected.
normalisation:The process of bringing or returning something to a normal condition or state.
normalisations:The process of bringing or returning something to a normal condition or state.
normalise:Bring or return to a normal or standard condition or state.
normalised:Bring or return to a normal or standard condition or state.
normalises:Bring or return to a normal or standard condition or state.
normalising:Bring or return to a normal or standard condition or state.
normality:The condition of being normal; the state of being usual, typical, or expected.
normally:Under normal or usual conditions; as a rule.
normals:The usual, typical, or expected state or condition.
norman:A city in central Oklahoma, south of Oklahoma City, home to the University of Oklahoma; population 106,957 (est. 2008).
normandy:A former province of northwestern France with a coastline on the English Channel, now divided into the two regions of Lower Normandy (Basse-Normandie) and Upper Normandy (Haute-Normandie); chief town, Rouen.
normans:A city in central Oklahoma, south of Oklahoma City, home to the University of Oklahoma; population 106,957 (est. 2008).
normative:Establishing, relating to, or deriving from a standard or norm, especially of behavior.
normed:Adjust (something) to conform to a norm.
norms:Adjust (something) to conform to a norm.
north:To or toward the north.
northbound:Traveling or leading toward the north.
northerly:In or toward a northward position or direction.
northern:Situated in the north, or directed toward or facing the north.
northerner:A native or inhabitant of the north, especially of the northern US.
northerners:A native or inhabitant of the north, especially of northern England or the northern United States.
northernmost:Situated furthest to the north.
northmen:A native or inhabitant of Scandinavia, especially of Norway.
northward:Toward the north.
northwards:Towards the north.
norway:A mountainous European country on the northern and western coastline of Scandinavia, on the Norwegian Sea and the Arctic Ocean; population 5,200,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Oslo; language, Norwegian (official).
nose:(of an animal) thrust its nose against or into something, especially in order to smell it.
nosed:Having a nose or projecting part of a specified kind.
nosedive:A steep downward plunge by an aircraft.
noses:(of an animal) thrust its nose against or into something.
nosey:Pry into something.
nosier:Pry into something.
nosiest:Pry into something.
nosing:A rounded edge of a step or molding.
nostalgia:A sentimental longing or wistful affection for the past, typically for a period or place with happy personal associations.
nostalgic:A nostalgic person.
nostril:Either of two external openings of the nasal cavity in vertebrates that admit air to the lungs and smells to the olfactory nerves.
nostrils:Either of two external openings of the nasal cavity in vertebrates that admit air to the lungs and smells to the olfactory nerves.
nostrum:A medicine, especially one that is not considered effective, prepared by an unqualified person.
nosy:Pry into something.
not:Used with an auxiliary verb or “be” to form the negative.Used in some constructions with other verbs.
notable:A famous or important person.
notables:A famous or important person.
notably:In particular; especially.
notaries:A person authorized to perform certain legal formalities, especially to draw up or certify contracts, deeds, and other documents for use in other jurisdictions.
notary:A person authorized to perform certain legal formalities, especially to draw up or certify contracts, deeds, and other documents for use in other jurisdictions.
notation:A series or system of written symbols used to represent numbers, amounts, or elements in something such as music or mathematics.
notational:Relating to notation, especially in music or mathematics.
notations:A series or system of written symbols used to represent numbers, amounts, or elements in something such as music or mathematics.
notch:Make notches in.
notched:Marked with a notch or notches.
notches:Make notches in.
notching:Make notches in.
note:Notice or pay particular attention to (something)
notebook:A small book with blank or ruled pages for writing notes in.
notebooks:A small book with blank or ruled pages for writing notes in.
noted:Well known; famous.
notepad:A pad of blank or ruled pages for writing notes on.
notepads:A pad of blank or ruled pages for writing notes on.
notepaper:Paper for writing letters on.
notes:Notice or pay particular attention to (something)
noteworthy:Interesting, significant, or unusual.
nothing:Not at all.
nothingness:The absence or cessation of life or existence.
notice:Become aware of.
noticeable:Easily seen or noticed; clear or apparent.
noticeably:In a way that is easily seen or noticed; clearly.
noticeboard:A board for displaying notices.
noticeboards:A board for displaying notices.
noticed:Become aware of.
notices:Become aware of.
noticing:Become aware of.
notifiable:Denoting something, typically a serious infectious disease, that must be reported to the appropriate authorities.
notification:The action of notifying someone or something.
notifications:The action of notifying someone or something.
notified:Inform (someone) of something, typically in a formal or official manner.
notifies:Inform (someone) of something, typically in a formal or official manner.
notify:Inform (someone) of something, typically in a formal or official manner.
notifying:Inform (someone) of something, typically in a formal or official manner.
noting:Notice or pay particular attention to (something)
notion:A conception of or belief about something.
notional:Existing only in theory or as a suggestion or idea.
notions:A conception of or belief about something.
notoriety:The state of being famous or well known for some bad quality or deed.
notorious:Famous or well known, typically for some bad quality or deed.
notoriously:Used to emphasize that a quality or fact, typically a bad one, is well known.
notwithstanding:In spite of.
nougat:A candy made from sugar or honey, nuts, and egg white.
nought:Nothing; naught.
noughts:The digit 0; zero.
noun:A word (other than a pronoun) used to identify any of a class of people, places, or things (common noun), or to name a particular one of these (proper noun).
nouns:A word (other than a pronoun) used to identify any of a class of people, places, or things (common noun), or to name a particular one of these (proper noun).
nourish:Provide with the food or other substances necessary for growth, health, and good condition.
nourished:Provide with the food or other substances necessary for growth, health, and good condition.
nourishes:Provide with the food or other substances necessary for growth, health, and good condition.
nourishing:(of food) containing substances necessary for growth, health, and good condition.
nourishment:The food or other substances necessary for growth, health, and good condition.
novel:A fictitious prose narrative of book length, typically representing character and action with some degree of realism.
novelette:A short novel, typically one that is light and romantic or sentimental in character.
novelist:A writer of novels.
novelistic:Characteristic of or used in novels.
novelists:A writer of novels.
novels:A fictitious prose narrative of book length, typically representing character and action with some degree of realism.
novelty:The quality of being new, original, or unusual.
november:The eleventh month of the year, in the northern hemisphere usually considered the last month of autumn.
novice:A person new to or inexperienced in a field or situation.
novices:A person new to and inexperienced in a job or situation.
now:At the present time or moment.
nowadays:At the present time, in contrast with the past.
nowhere:Not in or to any place; not anywhere.
noxious:Harmful, poisonous, or very unpleasant.
nozzle:A cylindrical or round spout at the end of a pipe, hose, or tube used to control a jet of gas or liquid.
nozzles:A cylindrical or round spout at the end of a pipe, hose, or tube used to control a jet of gas or liquid.
nu:The thirteenth letter of the Greek alphabet (Ν, ν), transliterated as ‘n.’.
nuance:Give nuances to.
nuances:Give nuances to.
nuclear:Relating to the nucleus of an atom.
nuclei:The central and most important part of an object, movement, or group, forming the basis for its activity and growth.
nucleus:The central and most important part of an object, movement, or group, forming the basis for its activity and growth.
nude:A naked human figure as the subject of a painting, sculpture, or photograph.
nudeness:The state of being naked or unclothed.
nudes:A naked human figure as the subject of a painting, sculpture, or photograph.
nudge:Prod (someone) gently, typically with one's elbow, in order to draw their attention to something.
nudged:Prod (someone) gently with one's elbow in order to attract attention.
nudges:Prod (someone) gently with one's elbow in order to attract attention.
nudging:The action of pestering or persistently complaining.
nudist:A person who engages in the practice of going naked wherever possible.
nudists:A person who engages in the practice of going naked wherever possible.
nudity:The state or fact of being naked.
nugget:A small lump of gold or other precious metal found ready-formed in the earth.
nuggets:A small lump of gold or other precious metal found ready-formed in the earth.
nuisance:A person, thing, or circumstance causing inconvenience or annoyance.
nuisances:A person or thing causing inconvenience or annoyance.
nuke:Attack or destroy with nuclear weapons.
null:Combine (a signal) with another in order to create a null; cancel out.
nullified:Make legally null and void; invalidate.
nullifies:Make legally null and void; invalidate.
nullify:Make legally null and void; invalidate.
nullifying:Make legally null and void; invalidate.
nullity:An act or thing that is legally void.
nulls:Combine (a signal) with another in order to create a null; cancel out.
numb:Deprive of feeling or responsiveness.
numbed:Deprive of feeling or responsiveness.
number:Amount to (a specified figure or quantity); comprise.
numbered:Amount to (a specified figure or quantity); comprise.
numbering:Amount to (a specified figure or quantity); comprise.
numberless:Too many to be counted; innumerable.
numbers:The fourth book of the Bible, relating the experiences of the Israelites in the wilderness after Moses led them out of Egypt.
numbing:Depriving one of feeling or responsiveness.
numbness:The state of being numb.
numbs:Deprive of feeling or responsiveness.
numbskull:A stupid or foolish person.
numeracy:The ability to understand and work with numbers.
numeral:A figure, symbol, or group of these denoting a number.
numerals:A figure, symbol, or group of figures or symbols denoting a number.
numerate:Having a good basic knowledge of arithmetic; able to understand and work with numbers.
numerator:The number above the line in a common fraction showing how many of the parts indicated by the denominator are taken, for example, 2 in 2/3.
numerators:The number above the line in a vulgar fraction showing how many of the parts indicated by the denominator are taken, for example, 2 in 2/3.
numeric:Relating to or expressed as a number or numbers.
numerical:Relating to or expressed as a number or numbers.
numerically:By means of or with respect to numbers.
numerology:The branch of knowledge that deals with the occult significance of numbers.
numerous:Great in number; many.
numismatic:Relating to or consisting of coins, paper currency, and medals.
numismatics:The study or collection of coins, paper currency, and medals.
numskull:A stupid or foolish person.
nun:A member of a religious community of women, especially a cloistered one, living under vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience.
nunneries:A building or group of buildings in which nuns live as a religious community; a convent.
nunnery:A building or group of buildings in which nuns live as a religious community; a convent.
nuns:A member of a religious community of women, typically one living under vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience.
nuptial:A wedding.
nuptials:A wedding.
nurse:Give medical and other attention to (a sick person)
nursed:Give medical and other attention to (a sick person)
nursemaid:Look after or be overprotective toward.
nursemaids:Look after or be overprotective towards.
nurseries:A room in a house for the special use of young children.
nursery:A room in a house for the special use of young children.
nurseryman:A worker in or owner of a plant or tree nursery.
nurserymen:A worker in or owner of a plant or tree nursery.
nurses:Give medical and other attention to (a sick person)
nursing:The profession or practice of providing care for the sick and infirm.
nurture:Care for and encourage the growth or development of.
nurtured:Care for and protect (someone or something) while they are growing.
nurtures:Care for and protect (someone or something) while they are growing.
nurturing:Care for and protect (someone or something) while they are growing.
nut:Gather nuts.
nutation:A periodic variation in the inclination of the axis of a rotating object.
nutcracker:A device for cracking nuts.
nutcrackers:A device for cracking nuts.
nutmeg:The hard, aromatic, almost spherical seed of a tropical tree.
nutmegs:Play the ball through the legs of (an opponent)
nutrient:A substance that provides nourishment essential for growth and the maintenance of life.
nutrients:A substance that provides nourishment essential for the maintenance of life and for growth.
nutriment:Nourishment; sustenance.
nutrition:The process of providing or obtaining the food necessary for health and growth.
nutritional:Relating to the process of providing or obtaining the food necessary for health and growth.
nutritionist:A person who studies or is an expert in nutrition.
nutritionists:A person who studies or is an expert in nutrition.
nutritious:Nourishing; efficient as food.
nutritive:Relating to nutrition.
nuts:Insane.
nutshell:The hard woody covering around the kernel of a nut.
nuttier:Tasting like nuts.
nutty:Tasting like nuts.
nuzzle:Rub or push against gently with the nose and mouth.
nuzzled:Rub or push against gently with the nose and mouth.
nuzzles:Rub or push against gently with the nose and mouth.
nuzzling:Rub or push against gently with the nose and mouth.
nyala:A southern African antelope, with a conspicuous crest on the neck and back and lyre-shaped horns.
nylon:A tough, lightweight, elastic synthetic polymer with a protein-like chemical structure, able to be produced as filaments, sheets, or molded objects.
nymph:A mythological spirit of nature imagined as a beautiful maiden inhabiting rivers, woods, or other locations.
nympholepsy:Passion aroused in men by beautiful young girls.
nymphomania:Uncontrollable or excessive sexual desire in a woman.
nymphomaniac:A woman with uncontrollable or excessive sexual desire.
nymphs:A mythological spirit of nature imagined as a beautiful maiden inhabiting rivers, woods, or other locations.
oaf:A stupid, uncultured, or clumsy person.
oafish:Stupid, uncultured, or clumsy.
oafs:A man who is rough or clumsy and unintelligent.
oak:A tree that bears acorns as fruit, and typically has lobed deciduous leaves. Oaks are common in many north temperate forests and are an important source of hard and durable wood used chiefly in construction, furniture, and (formerly) shipbuilding.
oaken:Made of timber from the oak tree.
oaks:A large tree which bears acorns and typically has lobed deciduous leaves. Oaks are dominant in many north temperate forests and are an important source of durable timber used in building, furniture, and (formerly) ships.A smoky flavour or nose characteristic of wine aged in barrels made from oak wood.Used in names of other trees or plants that resemble the oaks in some way, e.g. she-oak, silky oak.
oakum:Loose fiber obtained by untwisting old rope, used especially in caulking wooden ships.
oar:Row; propel with or as with oars.
oars:Propel with or as if with oars; row.
oarsman:A rower, especially as a member of a racing team.
oarsmen:A rower, especially as a member of a racing team.
oases:A fertile spot in a desert, where water is found.
oasis:A fertile spot in a desert, where water is found.
oast:A kiln used for drying hops.
oat:A cereal plant cultivated chiefly in cool climates and widely used for animal feed as well as human consumption.
oatcakes:A thin savoury oatmeal biscuit, traditionally made in Scotland.
oath:A solemn promise, often invoking a divine witness, regarding one's future action or behavior.
oaths:A solemn promise, often invoking a divine witness, regarding one's future action or behaviour.
oatmeal:Meal made from ground oats, used in breakfast cereals or other food.
oats:An Old World cereal plant with a loose, branched cluster of florets, cultivated in cool climates and widely used for animal feed.
obdurate:Stubbornly refusing to change one's opinion or course of action.
obedience:Compliance with an order, request, or law or submission to another's authority.
obedient:Complying or willing to comply with orders or requests; submissive to another's will.
obediently:In a manner that shows willingness to comply with an order or request; submissively.
obeisance:Deferential respect.
obelisk:A stone pillar, typically having a square or rectangular cross section and a pyramidal top, set up as a monument or landmark.
obelisks:A tapering stone pillar, typically having a square or rectangular cross section, set up as a monument or landmark.
obese:Grossly fat or overweight.
obesity:The condition of being grossly fat or overweight.
obey:Comply with the command, direction, or request of (a person or a law); submit to the authority of.
obeyed:Submit to the authority of (someone) or comply with (a law)
obeying:Submit to the authority of (someone) or comply with (a law)
obeys:Submit to the authority of (someone) or comply with (a law)
obfuscate:Render obscure, unclear, or unintelligible.
obfuscated:Make obscure, unclear, or unintelligible.
obfuscates:Make obscure, unclear, or unintelligible.
obfuscation:The action of making something obscure, unclear, or unintelligible.
obituaries:A notice of a death, especially in a newspaper, typically including a brief biography of the deceased person.
obituary:A notice of a death, especially in a newspaper, typically including a brief biography of the deceased person.
object:Say something to express one's disapproval of or disagreement with something.
objected:Say something to express one's opposition to or disagreement with something.
objectified:Degrade to the status of a mere object.
objecting:Say something to express one's opposition to or disagreement with something.
objection:An expression or feeling of disapproval or opposition; a reason for disagreeing.
objectionable:Arousing distaste or opposition; unpleasant or offensive.
objections:An expression or feeling of disapproval or opposition; a reason for disagreeing.
objective:A thing aimed at or sought; a goal.
objectively:In a way that is not influenced by personal feelings or opinions.
objectives:A thing aimed at or sought; a goal.
objectivity:The quality of being objective.
objector:A person who expresses opposition to or disagreement with something.
objectors:A person who expresses opposition to or disagreement with something.
objects:Say something to express one's opposition to or disagreement with something.
oblate:(of a spheroid) flattened at the poles.
obligate:Bind or compel (someone), especially legally or morally.
obligated:Require or compel (someone) to undertake a legal or moral duty.
obligation:An act or course of action to which a person is morally or legally bound; a duty or commitment.
obligations:An act or course of action to which a person is morally or legally bound; a duty or commitment.
obligatory:Required by a legal, moral, or other rule; compulsory.
oblige:Make (someone) legally or morally bound to an action or course of action.
obliged:Make (someone) legally or morally bound to do something.
obliges:Make (someone) legally or morally bound to do something.
obliging:Willing to do a service or kindness; helpful.
obligingly:In a way that shows willingness to do a service or kindness.
oblique:A muscle neither parallel nor perpendicular to the long axis of a body or limb.
obliquely:Not in a direct way; indirectly.
obliterate:Destroy utterly; wipe out.
obliterated:Destroy utterly; wipe out.
obliterates:Destroy utterly; wipe out.
obliterating:Destroy utterly; wipe out.
obliteration:The action or fact of obliterating or being obliterated; total destruction.
oblivion:The state of being unaware or unconscious of what is happening.
oblivious:Not aware of or not concerned about what is happening around one.
oblong:An object or flat figure in an elongated rectangle or oval shape.
oblongs:A rectangular object or flat figure with unequal adjacent sides.
obloquy:Strong public criticism or verbal abuse.
obnoxious:Extremely unpleasant.
oboe:A woodwind instrument with a double-reed mouthpiece, a slender tubular body, and holes stopped by keys.
oboes:A woodwind instrument with a double-reed mouthpiece, a slender tubular body, and holes stopped by keys.
obscene:(of the portrayal or description of sexual matters) offensive or disgusting by accepted standards of morality and decency.
obscenely:In a sexually offensive, disgusting, or indecent manner.
obscenity:The state or quality of being obscene; obscene behavior, language, or images.
obscurantism:The practice of deliberately preventing the facts or full details of something from becoming known.
obscurantist:A person who deliberately prevents the facts or full details of something from becoming known.
obscuration:The action of hiding or concealing something.
obscure:Keep from being seen; conceal.
obscured:Keep from being seen; conceal.
obscureness:The quality or condition of being obscure, unclear, or unknown.
obscurer:Keep from being seen; conceal.
obscures:Keep from being seen; conceal.
obscurest:Keep from being seen; conceal.
obscuring:Keep from being seen; conceal.
obscurity:The state of being unknown, inconspicuous, or unimportant.
obsequious:Obedient or attentive to an excessive or servile degree.
observable:Able to be noticed or perceived; discernible.
observance:The action or practice of fulfilling or respecting the requirements of law, morality, or ritual.
observant:A member of a branch of the Franciscan order that followed a strict rule.
observation:The action or process of observing something or someone carefully or in order to gain information.
observational:Relating to the action or process of closely observing or watching something or someone.
observations:The action or process of closely observing or monitoring something or someone.
observatories:A room or building housing an astronomical telescope or other scientific equipment for the study of natural phenomena.
observatory:A room or building housing an astronomical telescope or other scientific equipment for the study of natural phenomena.
observe:Notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
observed:Notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
observer:A person who watches or notices something.
observers:A person who watches or notices something.
observes:Notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
observing:Notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
obsess:Preoccupy or fill the mind of (someone) continually, intrusively, and to a troubling extent.
obsessed:Preoccupy or fill the mind of (someone) continually and to a troubling extent.
obsesses:Preoccupy or fill the mind of (someone) continually and to a troubling extent.
obsessing:Preoccupy or fill the mind of (someone) continually and to a troubling extent.
obsession:The state of being obsessed with someone or something.
obsessional:Characteristic of or affected by an obsession.
obsessive:A person who is affected by an obsession.
obsessively:In an obsessive manner.
obsidian:A hard, dark, glasslike volcanic rock formed by the rapid solidification of lava without crystallization.
obsolescence:The process of becoming obsolete or outdated and no longer used.
obsolescent:Becoming obsolete.
obsolete:Cause (a product or idea) to be or become obsolete by replacing it with something new.
obstacle:A thing that blocks one's way or prevents or hinders progress.
obstacles:A thing that blocks one's way or prevents or hinders progress.
obstetric:Relating to childbirth and the processes associated with it.
obstetrician:A physician or surgeon qualified to practice in obstetrics.
obstetricians:A physician or surgeon qualified to practise in obstetrics.
obstetrics:The branch of medicine and surgery concerned with childbirth and the care of women giving birth.
obstinacy:The quality or condition of being obstinate; stubbornness.
obstinate:Stubbornly refusing to change one's opinion or chosen course of action, despite attempts to persuade one to do so.
obstreperous:Noisy and difficult to control.
obstruct:Block (an opening, path, road, etc.); be or get in the way of.
obstructed:Block (an opening, path, road, etc.); be or get in the way of.
obstructing:Block (an opening, path, road, etc.); be or get in the way of.
obstruction:The action of obstructing or the state of being obstructed.
obstructionism:The practice of deliberately impeding or delaying the course of legal, legislative, or other procedures.
obstructive:Causing a blockage or obstruction.
obstructs:Block (an opening, path, road, etc.); be or get in the way of.
obtain:Get, acquire, or secure (something)
obtainable:Able to be obtained.
obtained:Get, acquire, or secure (something)
obtaining:Get, acquire, or secure (something)
obtains:Get, acquire, or secure (something)
obtrude:Become noticeable in an unwelcome or intrusive way.
obtruded:Become noticeable in an unwelcome or intrusive way.
obtruding:Become noticeable in an unwelcome or intrusive way.
obtrusive:Noticeable or prominent in an unwelcome or intrusive way.
obtuse:Annoyingly insensitive or slow to understand.
obverse:The side of a coin or medal bearing the head or principal design.
obviate:Remove (a need or difficulty)
obviated:Remove (a need or difficulty)
obviates:Remove (a need or difficulty)
obviating:Remove (a need or difficulty)
obvious:Easily perceived or understood; clear, self-evident, or apparent.
obviously:In a way that is easily perceived or understood; clearly.
occasion:Cause (something)
occasional:Occurring, appearing, or done infrequently and irregularly.
occasionally:At infrequent or irregular intervals; now and then.
occasioned:Cause (something)
occasioning:Cause (something)
occasions:Cause (something)
occident:The countries of the West, especially Europe and America.
occidental:A native or inhabitant of the West.
occipital:Relating to or situated in the back of the head.
occluded:Stop, close up, or obstruct (an opening, orifice, or passage)
occludes:Stop, close up, or obstruct (an opening, orifice, or passage)
occlusion:The blockage or closing of a blood vessel or hollow organ.
occult:Cut off from view by interposing something.
occults:Cut off from view by interposing something.
occupancy:The action or fact of occupying a place.
occupant:A person who resides or is present in a house, vehicle, seat, place, etc., at a given time.
occupants:A person who resides or is present in a house, vehicle, seat, etc., at a given time.
occupation:A job or profession.
occupational:Relating to a job or profession.
occupations:A job or profession.
occupied:(of a building, seat, etc.) being used by someone.
occupier:A person or company residing in or using a property as its owner or tenant, or (illegally) as a squatter.
occupiers:A person or company residing in or using a property as its owner or tenant, or (illegally) as a squatter.
occupies:Reside or have one's place of business in (a building)
occupy:Reside or have one's place of business in (a building)
occupying:Reside or have one's place of business in (a building)
occur:Happen; take place.
occurred:Happen; take place.
occurrence:An incident or event.
occurrences:An incident or event.
occurring:Happen; take place.
occurs:Happen; take place.
ocean:A very large expanse of sea, in particular each of the main areas into which the sea is divided geographically.
oceanic:Relating to the ocean.
oceanography:The branch of science that deals with the physical and biological properties and phenomena of the sea.
oceans:A very large expanse of sea, in particular each of the main areas into which the sea is divided geographically.
ocelot:A medium-sized wild cat that has a tawny yellow coat marked with black blotches and spots, and ranges from southern Texas through South America.
ocelots:A medium-sized wild cat that has an orange-yellow coat marked with black stripes and spots, native to South and Central America.
ochre:An earthy pigment containing ferric oxide, typically with clay, varying from light yellow to brown or red.
octagon:A plane figure with eight straight sides and eight angles.
octagonal:Having the shape or cross section of an octagon; eight-sided.
octagons:A plane figure with eight straight sides and eight angles.
octahedron:A three-dimensional shape having eight plane faces, especially a regular solid figure with eight equal triangular faces.
octal:The octal system; octal notation.
octane:A colorless flammable hydrocarbon of the alkane series, obtained in petroleum refining.
octant:An arc of a circle equal to one eighth of its circumference, or the area enclosed by such an arc with two radii of the circle.
octave:A series of eight notes occupying the interval between (and including) two notes, one having twice or half the frequency of vibration of the other.
octaves:A series of eight notes occupying the interval between (and including) two notes, one having twice or half the frequency of vibration of the other.
octavo:A size of book page that results from folding each printed sheet into eight leaves (sixteen pages)
octet:A group of eight people or things.
octets:A group of eight people or things.
october:The tenth month of the year, in the northern hemisphere usually considered the second month of autumn.
octogenarian:A person who is from 80 to 89 years old.
octogenarians:A person who is between 80 and 89 years old.
octopus:A cephalopod mollusc with eight sucker-bearing arms, a soft body, strong beaklike jaws, and no internal shell.
octopuses:A cephalopod mollusc with eight sucker-bearing arms, a soft body, strong beaklike jaws, and no internal shell.
ocular:Of or connected with the eyes or vision.
oculist:An ophthalmologist or optometrist.
odd:Different from what is usual or expected; strange.
odder:Different to what is usual or expected; strange.
oddest:Different to what is usual or expected; strange.
oddities:A strange or peculiar person or thing.
oddity:A strange or peculiar person, thing, or trait.
oddly:In a way that is different from what is usual or expected; strangely.
oddment:A remnant or part of something, typically left over from a larger piece or set.
oddments:An item or piece of something, typically one left over from a larger piece or set.
odds:The ratio between the amounts staked by the parties to a bet, based on the expected probability either way.
ode:A lyric poem in the form of an address to a particular subject, often elevated in style or manner and written in varied or irregular meter.
odes:A lyric poem, typically one in the form of an address to a particular subject, written in varied or irregular metre.
odin:The supreme god and creator, god of victory and the dead. Wednesday is named after him.
odious:Extremely unpleasant; repulsive.
odium:General or widespread hatred or disgust directed toward someone as a result of their actions.
odometer:An instrument for measuring the distance traveled by a vehicle.
odoriferous:Having or giving off a smell, especially an unpleasant or distinctive one.
odorous:Having or giving off a smell.
odour:A distinctive smell, especially an unpleasant one.
odourless:Having no odour.
odours:A distinctive smell, especially an unpleasant one.
odyssey:A long and eventful or adventurous journey or experience.
oedema:A condition characterized by an excess of watery fluid collecting in the cavities or tissues of the body.
oedipus:The son of Jocasta and of Laius, king of Thebes.
oesophagus:The part of the alimentary canal which connects the throat to the stomach. In humans and other vertebrates it is a muscular tube lined with mucous membrane.
oestrogen:Any of a group of steroid hormones which promote the development and maintenance of female characteristics of the body. Such hormones are also produced artificially for use in oral contraceptives or to treat menopausal and menstrual disorders.
oestrogens:Any of a group of steroid hormones which promote the development and maintenance of female characteristics of the body. Such hormones are also produced artificially for use in oral contraceptives or to treat menopausal and menstrual disorders.
oestrus:A recurring period of sexual receptivity and fertility in many female mammals; heat.
oeuvre:The works of a painter, composer, or author regarded collectively.
oeuvres:The body of work of a painter, composer, or author.
of:Expressing the relationship between a part and a whole.
off:Moving away and often down from.
offal:The entrails and internal organs of an animal used as food.
offbeat:Any of the normally unaccented beats in a bar.
offcut:A piece of waste material that is left behind after cutting a larger piece.
offcuts:A piece of waste material that is left behind after cutting a larger piece.
offence:A breach of a law or rule; an illegal act.
offences:A breach of a law or rule; an illegal act.
offend:Cause to feel upset, annoyed, or resentful.
offended:Resentful or annoyed, typically as a result of a perceived insult.
offender:A person who commits an illegal act.
offenders:A person who commits an illegal act.
offending:Causing problems or displeasure.
offends:Cause to feel upset, annoyed, or resentful.
offensive:An attacking military campaign.
offensively:In a way that causes resentment, upset, or disgust.
offensives:An attacking military campaign.
offer:Present or proffer (something) for (someone) to accept or reject as so desired.
offered:Present or proffer (something) for (someone) to accept or reject as desired.
offering:A thing offered, especially as a gift or contribution.
offerings:A thing offered, especially as a gift or contribution.
offers:Present or proffer (something) for (someone) to accept or reject as desired.
offertory:The offering of the bread and wine at the Eucharist.
offhand:Without previous thought or consideration.
office:A room, set of rooms, or building used as a place for commercial, professional, or bureaucratic work.
officer:Provide with military officers.
officers:Provide with military officers.
officership:The position, rank, or profession of an officer; the function or conduct of an officer.
offices:A room, set of rooms, or building used as a place for commercial, professional, or bureaucratic work.
official:A person holding public office or having official duties, especially as a representative of an organization or government department.
officialdom:The officials in an organization or government department, considered as a group.
officially:In a formal and public way.
officials:A person holding public office or having official duties, especially as a representative of an organization or government department.
officiate:Act as an official in charge of something, as a sporting event.
officiated:Act as an official in charge of something, especially a sporting event.
officiating:Act as an official in charge of something, especially a sporting event.
officious:Assertive of authority in an annoyingly domineering way, especially with regard to petty or trivial matters.
offprint:A printed copy of an article that originally appeared as part of a larger publication.
offset:Counteract (something) by having an opposing force or effect.
offshoot:A side shoot or branch on a plant.
offshore:At sea some distance from the shore.
often:Frequently; many times.
ogle:Stare at in a lecherous manner.
ogled:Stare at in a lecherous manner.
ogling:Stare at in a lecherous manner.
ogre:(in folklore) a man-eating giant.
ogres:(in folklore) a man-eating giant.
oh:Used to express a range of emotions including surprise, anger, disappointment, or joy, or when reacting to something that has just been said.
ohio:A state in the northeastern US, bordering on Lake Erie; population 11,485,910 (est. 2008); capital, Columbus. Acquired by Britain from France in 1763 and by the US in 1783, it became the 17th state of the US in 1803.
ohm:The SI unit of electrical resistance, expressing the resistance in a circuit transmitting a current of one ampere when subjected to a potential difference of one volt.
ohms:On Her (or His) Majesty's Service.
oil:Lubricate, coat, or impregnate with oil.
oilcloth:Fabric treated on one side with oil to make it waterproof.
oiled:Lubricated, coated, or impregnated with oil.
oiler:An oil tanker.
oilers:An oil tanker.
oilfield:An area of land or seabed underlain by strata yielding mineral oil, especially in amounts that justify commercial exploitation.
oilfields:An area of land or seabed underlain by strata yielding mineral oil, especially in amounts that justify commercial exploitation.
oilier:Containing oil.
oiliest:Containing oil.
oiling:Lubricate, coat, or impregnate with oil.
oilman:An owner or employee of an oil company.
oilmen:An owner or employee of an oil company.
oils:Lubricate, coat, or impregnate with oil.
oily:Containing oil.
oink:The characteristic grunting sound of a pig.
oinked:Make an oink.
oinks:Make an oink.
ointment:A smooth oily preparation that is rubbed on the skin for medicinal purposes or as a cosmetic.
ointments:A smooth oily substance that is rubbed on the skin for medicinal purposes or as a cosmetic.
ok:An authorization or approval.
okapi:A large browsing mammal of the giraffe family that lives in the rainforests of northern Democratic Republic of Congo (Zaire). It has a dark chestnut coat with stripes on the hindquarters and upper legs.
okapis:A large browsing mammal of the giraffe family that lives in the rainforests of northern Democratic Republic of Congo (Zaire). It has a dark chestnut coat with stripes on the hindquarters and upper legs.
okay:Give approval to.
okayed:Give approval to.
okays:Give approval to.
oklahoma:A state in the southern central US, north of Texas; population 3,642,361 (est. 2008); capital, Oklahoma City. Acquired from the French as part of the Louisiana Purchase in 1803, it became the 46th state of the US in 1907.
old:Having lived for a long time; no longer young.
olden:Relating to former times.
older:Having lived for a long time; no longer young.
oldest:Having lived for a long time; no longer young.
oldie:An old song, film, or television program that is still well known or popular.
ole:Old.
oleander:A poisonous evergreen Old World shrub that is widely grown in warm countries for its clusters of white, pink, or red flowers.
oleanders:A poisonous evergreen Old World shrub grown in warm countries for its clusters of white, pink, or red flowers.
olfactory:Relating to the sense of smell.
olive:A small oval fruit with a hard pit and bitter flesh, green when unripe and brownish black when ripe, used as food and as a source of oil.
oliver:The companion of Roland in the Chanson de Roland.
olives:A small oval fruit with a hard stone and bitter flesh, green when unripe and bluish black when ripe, used as food and as a source of oil.
olm:A pale-skinned blind salamander with external gills which lives in limestone caves in south-eastern Europe.
olms:A pale-skinned blind salamander with external gills which lives in limestone caves in south-eastern Europe.
olympia:A plain in Greece, in the western Peloponnese. In ancient Greece it was the site of the chief sanctuary of the god Zeus, the place where the original Olympic Games were held.
olympiad:A celebration of the ancient or modern Olympic Games.
olympian:Any of the twelve Greek gods regarded as living on Olympus.
olympic:Relating to the ancient city of Olympia or the Olympic Games.
olympus:The home of the twelve principal gods, identified in later antiquity with Mount Olympus in northern Greece.
ombudsman:An official appointed to investigate individuals' complaints against maladministration, especially that of public authorities.
ombudsmen:An official appointed to investigate individuals' complaints against a company or organization, especially a public authority.
omega:The twenty-fourth, and last, letter of the Greek alphabet (Ω, ω), transliterated as ‘o’ or ‘ō.’.
omelette:A dish of beaten eggs cooked in a frying pan and served plain or with a savoury or sweet topping or filling.
omelettes:A dish of beaten eggs cooked in a frying pan and served plain or with a savoury or sweet topping or filling.
omen:An event regarded as a portent of good or evil.
omens:An event regarded as a portent of good or evil.
ominous:Giving the impression that something bad or unpleasant is going to happen; threatening; inauspicious.
ominously:In a way that suggests that something bad is going to happen.
omission:A person or thing that has been left out or excluded.
omissions:A person or thing that has been left out or excluded.
omit:Leave out or exclude (someone or something), either intentionally or forgetfully.
omits:Leave out or exclude (someone or something), either intentionally or forgetfully.
omitted:Leave out or exclude (someone or something), either intentionally or forgetfully.
omitting:Leave out or exclude (someone or something), either intentionally or forgetfully.
omnibus:A volume containing several novels or other items previously published separately.
omnibuses:A volume containing several books previously published separately.
omnidirectional:Receiving signals from or transmitting in all directions.
omnipotence:The quality of having unlimited or very great power.
omnipotent:God.
omnipresence:The state of being widespread or constantly encountered.
omnipresent:Widely or constantly encountered; common or widespread.
omniscience:The state of knowing everything.
omniscient:Knowing everything.
omnivore:An animal or person that eats food of both plant and animal origin.
omnivores:An animal or person that eats a variety of food of both plant and animal origin.
omnivorous:(of an animal or person) feeding on food of both plant and animal origin.
on:Physically in contact with and supported by (a surface)
onager:An animal of a race of the Asian wild ass native to northern Iran.
onagers:An animal of a race of the Asian wild ass native to northern Iran.
once:On one occasion or for one time only.
one:Referring to a person or thing previously mentioned or easily identified.
oneness:The fact or state of being unified or whole, though comprised of two or more parts.
oner:A remarkable person or thing.
onerous:(of a task, duty, or responsibility) involving an amount of effort and difficulty that is oppressively burdensome.
ones:Referring to a person or thing previously mentioned or easily identified.
oneself:A person's own self.
ongoing:Continuing; still in progress.
onion:An edible bulb with a pungent taste and smell, composed of several concentric layers, used in cooking.
onions:A swollen edible bulb used as a vegetable, having a pungent taste and smell and composed of several concentric layers.
onlooker:A nonparticipating observer; a spectator.
onlookers:A non-participating observer; a spectator.
only:And no one or nothing more besides; solely or exclusively.
onset:The beginning of something, especially something unpleasant.
onshore:On land (often used in relation to the oil and gas industry)
onslaught:A fierce or destructive attack.
onslaughts:A fierce or destructive attack.
ontario:A province in eastern Canada, between Hudson Bay and the Great Lakes; population 12,160,282 (2006); capital, Toronto. It was settled by the French and the English in the 1600s, ceded to Britain in 1763, and became one of the original four provinces in the Dominion of Canada in 1867.
onto:Moving to a location on the surface of.
ontogeny:The branch of biology that deals with ontogenesis.
ontological:Relating to the branch of metaphysics dealing with the nature of being.
ontology:The branch of metaphysics dealing with the nature of being.
onus:Used to refer to something that is one's duty or responsibility.
onuses:Something that is one's duty or responsibility.
onward:In a continuing forward direction; ahead.
onwards:In a continuing forward direction; ahead.
onyx:A semiprecious variety of agate with different colors in layers.
onyxes:A semi-precious variety of agate with different colours in layers.
oocytes:A cell in an ovary which may undergo meiotic division to form an ovum.
oodles:A very great number or amount of something.
ooh:An utterance of ‘ooh’
oology:The study or collecting of birds' eggs.
oompah:Used to refer to the rhythmical sound of deep-toned brass instruments in a band.
oops:Used to show recognition of a mistake or minor accident, often as part of an apology.
ooze:(of a fluid) slowly trickle or seep out of something; flow in a very gradual way.
oozed:(of a fluid) slowly trickle or seep out of something.
oozes:(of a fluid) slowly trickle or seep out of something.
oozing:(of a fluid) slowly trickle or seep out of something.
opacity:The condition of lacking transparency or translucence; opaqueness.
opal:A gemstone consisting of a form of hydrated silica, typically semitransparent and showing many small points of shifting color against a pale or dark ground.
opalescent:Showing varying colors as an opal does.
opals:A gemstone consisting of a form of hydrated silica, typically semi-transparent and showing many small points of shifting colour against a pale or dark ground.
opaque:An opaque thing or substance.
open:Move or adjust (a door or window) so as to leave a space allowing access and view.
opened:Move (a door or window) so as to leave a space allowing access and vision.
opener:A device for opening something, especially a container.
openers:A device for opening something, especially a container.
openhanded:(of a blow) delivered with the palm of the hand.
openhearted:Freely expressing or displaying one's warm and kindly feelings.
opening:An aperture or gap, especially one allowing access.
openings:A space or gap that allows passage or access.
openly:Without concealment, deception, or prevarication, especially where these might be expected; frankly or honestly.
openminded:Willing to consider new ideas; unprejudiced.
openness:Lack of restriction; accessibility.
opens:Move (a door or window) so as to leave a space allowing access and vision.
opera:A dramatic work in one or more acts, set to music for singers and instrumentalists.
operable:Able to be used.
operand:The quantity on which an operation is to be done.
operands:The quantity on which an operation is to be done.
operas:A dramatic work in one or more acts, set to music for singers and instrumentalists.
operate:(of a person) control the functioning of (a machine, process, or system)
operated:(of a person) control the functioning of (a machine, process, or system)
operates:(of a person) control the functioning of (a machine, process, or system)
operatic:Relating to or characteristic of opera.
operating:(of a person) control the functioning of (a machine, process, or system)
operation:The fact or condition of functioning or being active.
operational:In or ready for use.
operationally:With regard to routine functioning, especially of an organization or system.
operations:The action of functioning or the fact of being active or in effect.
operative:A worker, especially a skilled one in a manufacturing industry.
operatives:A worker, especially one in a manufacturing industry.
operator:A person who operates equipment or a machine.
operators:A person who operates equipment or a machine.
operculum:A structure that closes or covers an aperture.
operetta:A short opera, usually on a light or humorous theme and typically having spoken dialogue. Notable composers of operettas include Offenbach, Johann Strauss, Lehár, and Gilbert and Sullivan.
operettas:A short opera, usually on a light or humorous theme and typically having spoken dialogue. Notable composers of operettas include Offenbach, Johan Strauss, Franz Lehár, and Gilbert and Sullivan.
ophthalmic:Relating to the eye and its diseases.
ophthalmologist:A specialist in the branch of medicine concerned with the study and treatment of disorders and diseases of the eye.
ophthalmologists:A specialist in the branch of medicine concerned with the study and treatment of disorders and diseases of the eye.
ophthalmology:The branch of medicine concerned with the study and treatment of disorders and diseases of the eye.
opiate:Dull the senses of (someone) with or as if with opium.
opiates:Dull the senses of (someone) with or as if with opium.
opine:Hold and state as one's opinion.
opined:Hold and state as one's opinion.
opines:Hold and state as one's opinion.
opining:Hold and state as one's opinion.
opinion:A view or judgment formed about something, not necessarily based on fact or knowledge.
opinionated:Conceitedly assertive and dogmatic in one's opinions.
opinions:A view or judgement formed about something, not necessarily based on fact or knowledge.
opioid:A compound resembling opium in addictive properties or physiological effects.
opioids:A compound resembling opium in addictive properties or physiological effects.
opium:A reddish-brown heavy-scented addictive drug prepared from the juice of the opium poppy, used as a narcotic and in medicine as an analgesic.
opossum:An American marsupial which has a naked prehensile tail and hind feet with an opposable thumb.
opponent:Someone who competes against or fights another in a contest, game, or argument; a rival or adversary.
opponents:Someone who competes with or opposes another in a contest, game, or argument.
opportune:(of a time) well-chosen or particularly favorable or appropriate.
opportunism:The taking of opportunities as and when they arise, regardless of planning or principle.
opportunist:A person who exploits circumstances to gain immediate advantage rather than being guided by consistent principles or plans.
opportunistic:Exploiting chances offered by immediate circumstances without reference to a general plan or moral principle.
opportunists:A person who takes advantage of opportunities as and when they arise, regardless of planning or principle.
opportunities:A time or set of circumstances that makes it possible to do something.
opportunity:A set of circumstances that makes it possible to do something.
oppose:Disapprove of and attempt to prevent, especially by argument.
opposed:Eager to prevent or put an end to; disapproving of or disagreeing with.
opposes:Disagree with and attempt to prevent, especially by argument.
opposing:In conflict or competition with a specified or implied subject.
opposite:In a position on the other side of a specific area from; facing.
opposites:In a position on the other side of a specific area from; facing.
opposition:Resistance or dissent, expressed in action or argument.
oppositional:Characterized by resistance or dissent.
oppositions:Resistance or dissent, expressed in action or argument.
oppress:Keep (someone) in subservience and hardship, especially by the unjust exercise of authority.
oppressed:Subject to harsh and authoritarian treatment.
oppresses:Keep (someone) in subjection and hardship, especially by the unjust exercise of authority.
oppressing:Keep (someone) in subjection and hardship, especially by the unjust exercise of authority.
oppression:Prolonged cruel or unjust treatment or control.
oppressions:Prolonged cruel or unjust treatment or exercise of authority.
oppressive:Unjustly inflicting hardship and constraint, especially on a minority or other subordinate group.
oppressor:A person or group that oppresses people.
oppressors:A person or group that oppresses people.
opprobrious:(of language) expressing scorn or criticism.
opprobrium:Harsh criticism or censure.
opt:Make a choice from a range of possibilities.
opted:Make a choice from a range of possibilities.
optic:A lens or other optical component in an optical instrument.
optical:Relating to sight, especially in relation to the physical action of light.
optician:A person qualified to make and supply eyeglasses and contact lenses for correction of vision.
opticians:A person qualified to prescribe and dispense glasses and contact lenses, and to detect eye diseases (ophthalmic optician) or to make and supply glasses and contact lenses (dispensing optician).
optics:The scientific study of sight and the behavior of light, or the properties of transmission and deflection of other forms of radiation.
optima:The most favourable situation or level for growth, reproduction, or success.
optimal:Best or most favorable; optimum.
optimally:In the best or most favorable way.
optimisation:The action of making the best or most effective use of a situation or resource.
optimisations:The action of making the best or most effective use of a situation or resource.
optimise:Make the best or most effective use of (a situation or resource)
optimised:Make the best or most effective use of (a situation or resource)
optimises:Make the best or most effective use of (a situation or resource)
optimising:Make the best or most effective use of (a situation or resource)
optimism:Hopefulness and confidence about the future or the successful outcome of something.
optimist:A person who tends to be hopeful and confident about the future or the success of something.
optimistic:Hopeful and confident about the future.
optimistically:In a way that shows hope and confidence about the future.
optimists:A person who tends to be hopeful and confident about the future or the success of something.
optimum:The most favorable conditions or level for growth, reproduction, or success.
opting:Make a choice from a range of possibilities.
option:Buy or sell an option on (something)
optional:Available to be chosen but not obligatory.
optionality:The quality of being available to be chosen but not obligatory.
options:Buy or sell an option on.
opts:Make a choice from a range of possibilities.
opulence:Great wealth or luxuriousness.
opulent:Ostentatiously rich and luxurious or lavish.
opus:A separate composition or set of compositions by a particular composer, usually ordered by date of publication.
opuses:A separate composition or set of compositions.
or:A Boolean operator that gives the value one if at least one operand (or input) has a value of one, and otherwise has a value of zero.
oracle:A priest or priestess acting as a medium through whom advice or prophecy was sought from the gods in classical antiquity.
oracles:A priest or priestess acting as a medium through whom advice or prophecy was sought from the gods in classical antiquity.
oracular:Relating to an oracle.
oral:A spoken examination or test.
orally:By means of speech; verbally.
orange:A round juicy citrus fruit with a tough bright reddish-yellow rind.
oranges:A large round juicy citrus fruit with a tough bright reddish-yellow rind.
orangutan:A large mainly solitary arboreal ape with long reddish hair, long arms, and hooked hands and feet, native to Borneo and Sumatra. The mature male develops fleshy cheek pads and a throat pouch.
orangutans:A large mainly solitary arboreal ape with long red hair, long arms, and hooked hands and feet, native to Borneo and Sumatra.
orate:Make a speech, especially pompously or at length.
orated:Make a speech, especially pompously or at length.
orates:Make a speech, especially pompously or at length.
orating:Make a speech, especially pompously or at length.
oration:A formal speech, especially one given on a ceremonial occasion.
orations:A formal speech, especially one given on a ceremonial occasion.
orator:A public speaker, especially one who is eloquent or skilled.
oratorical:Relating to the art or practice of public speaking.
oratorio:A large-scale musical work for orchestra and voices, typically a narrative on a religious theme, performed without the use of costumes, scenery, or action. Well-known examples include Bach's Christmas Oratorio, Handel's Messiah, and Haydn's The Creation.
orators:A public speaker, especially one who is eloquent or skilled.
oratory:A small chapel, especially for private worship.
orb:Encircle; enclose.
orbit:(of a celestial object or spacecraft) move in orbit around (a star or planet)
orbital:Each of the actual or potential patterns of electron density that may be formed in an atom or molecule by one or more electrons, and that can be represented as a wave function.
orbitals:An orbital road.
orbited:(of a celestial object or spacecraft) move in orbit round (a star or planet)
orbiter:A spacecraft designed to go into orbit, especially one not intended to land.
orbiting:(of a celestial object or spacecraft) move in orbit round (a star or planet)
orbits:(of a celestial object or spacecraft) move in orbit round (a star or planet)
orbs:A spherical object or shape.
orca:A large toothed whale with distinctive black-and-white markings and a prominent dorsal fin. It lives in groups that cooperatively hunt fish, seals, and penguins.
orchard:A piece of land planted with fruit trees.
orchards:A piece of enclosed land planted with fruit trees.
orchestra:A group of instrumentalists, especially one combining string, woodwind, brass, and percussion sections and playing classical music.
orchestral:Written for an orchestra to play.
orchestras:A group of instrumentalists, especially one combining string, woodwind, brass, and percussion sections and playing classical music.
orchestrate:Arrange or score (music) for orchestral performance.
orchestrated:Arrange or score (music) for orchestral performance.
orchestrates:Arrange or score (music) for orchestral performance.
orchestrating:Arrange or score (music) for orchestral performance.
orchestration:The arrangement or scoring of music for orchestral performance.
orchestrations:The arrangement or scoring of music for orchestral performance.
orchid:A plant with complex flowers that are often showy or bizarrely shaped, having a large specialized lip (labellum) and frequently a spur. Orchids occur worldwide, especially as epiphytes in tropical forests, and are valuable hothouse plants.
orchids:A plant with complex flowers that are often showy or bizarrely shaped, having a large specialized lip (labellum) and frequently a spur. Orchids occur worldwide, especially as epiphytes in tropical forests, and are valuable hothouse plants.
ordain:Make (someone) a priest or minister; confer holy orders on.
ordained:Make (someone) a priest or minister; confer holy orders on.
ordaining:Make (someone) a priest or minister; confer holy orders on.
ordains:Make (someone) a priest or minister; confer holy orders on.
ordeal:A painful or horrific experience, especially a protracted one.
ordeals:A very unpleasant and prolonged experience.
order:Give an authoritative direction or instruction to do something.
ordered:Give an authoritative instruction to do something.
ordering:Give an authoritative instruction to do something.
orderless:Lacking organization or order.
orderlies:Neatly and methodically arranged.
orderly:An attendant in a hospital responsible for the nonmedical care of patients and the maintenance of order and cleanliness.
orders:Give an authoritative instruction to do something.
ordinal:short for ordinal number
ordinals:short for ordinal number
ordinance:A piece of legislation enacted by a municipal authority.
ordinances:An authoritative order.
ordinands:A person who is training to be ordained as a priest or minister.
ordinarily:Usually.
ordinary:What is commonplace or standard.
ordinate:(in a system of coordinates) the y-coordinate, representing the distance from a point to the horizontal or x-axis measured parallel to the vertical or y-axis.
ordinates:A straight line from any point drawn parallel to one coordinate axis and meeting the other, especially a coordinate measured parallel to the vertical.
ordination:The action of ordaining or conferring holy orders on someone.
ordnance:Mounted guns; artillery.
ordure:Excrement; dung.
ore:A naturally occurring solid material from which a metal or valuable mineral can be profitably extracted.
ores:A monetary unit of Denmark and Norway, equal to one hundredth of a krone.
organ:A part of an organism that is typically self-contained and has a specific vital function, such as the heart or liver in humans.
organelles:Any of a number of organized or specialized structures within a living cell.
organic:Relating to or derived from living matter.
organically:From or in connection with living matter.
organics:A food produced by organic farming.
organisation:An organized group of people with a particular purpose, such as a business or government department.
organisational:Relating to an organization or the way it is set up.
organisations:An organized group of people with a particular purpose, such as a business or government department.
organise:Arrange systematically; order.
organised:Arranged or structured in a systematic way.
organiser:A person who arranges an event or activity.
organisers:A person who arranges an event or activity.
organises:Arrange systematically; order.
organising:Arrange systematically; order.
organism:An individual animal, plant, or single-celled life form.
organisms:An individual animal, plant, or single-celled life form.
organist:A person who plays the organ.
organists:A person who plays the organ.
organs:A part of an organism which is typically self-contained and has a specific vital function.
organza:A thin, stiff, transparent fabric made of silk or a synthetic yarn.
orgies:A wild party characterized by excessive drinking and indiscriminate sexual activity.
orgy:A wild party, especially one involving excessive drinking and unrestrained sexual activity.
orient:Align or position (something) relative to the points of a compass or other specified positions.
orientable:Capable of being oriented.
oriental:A person of East Asian descent.
orientalism:Style, artefacts, or traits considered characteristic of the peoples and cultures of Asia.
orientals:A person of East Asian descent.
orientation:The determination of the relative position of something or someone (especially oneself)
oriented:Align or position (something) relative to the points of a compass or other specified positions.
orienteering:A competitive sport in which participants find their way to various checkpoints across rough country with the aid of a map and compass, the winner being the one with the lowest elapsed time.
orienting:Align or position (something) relative to the points of a compass or other specified positions.
orifice:An opening, as of a pipe or tube, or one in the body, such as a nostril or the anus.
orifices:An opening, particularly one in the body such as a nostril or the anus.
origami:The Japanese art of folding paper into decorative shapes and figures.
origin:The point or place where something begins, arises, or is derived.
original:Something serving as a model or basis for imitations or copies.
originality:The ability to think independently and creatively.
originally:From or in the beginning; at first.
originals:The earliest form of something, from which copies may be made.
originate:Have a specified beginning.
originated:Have a specified beginning.
originates:Have a specified beginning.
originating:Have a specified beginning.
origination:The beginning or creation of something.
originator:A person who creates or initiates something.
originators:A person who creates or initiates something.
origins:The point or place where something begins, arises, or is derived.
orimulsion:A fuel consisting of an emulsion of bitumen in water.
ornament:Make (something) look more attractive by adding decorative items.
ornamental:A plant or tree grown for its attractive appearance.
ornamentation:Things added to something to provide decoration.
ornamented:Make (something) look more attractive by adding decorative items.
ornamenting:Make (something) look more attractive by adding decorative items.
ornaments:Make (something) look more attractive by adding decorative items.
ornate:Made in an intricate shape or decorated with complex patterns.
ornithologist:A person who studies or is an expert on birds.
ornithologists:A person who studies or is an expert on birds.
ornithology:The scientific study of birds.
orphan:Make (a person or animal) an orphan.
orphanage:A residential institution for the care and education of orphans.
orphanages:A residential institution for the care and education of orphans.
orphaned:Make (a child) an orphan.
orphans:Make (a child) an orphan.
orpheus:A poet who could entrance wild beasts with the beauty of his singing and lyre playing. He went to the underworld after the death of his wife Eurydice and secured her release from the dead, but lost her because he failed to obey the condition that he must not look back at her until they had reached the world of the living.
orthodontist:A dentist who is qualified to treat irregularities in the teeth and jaws.
orthodox:(of a person or their views, especially religious or political ones, or other beliefs or practices) conforming to what is generally or traditionally accepted as right or true; established and approved.
orthodoxies:Authorized or generally accepted theory, doctrine, or practice.
orthodoxy:Authorized or generally accepted theory, doctrine, or practice.
orthogonal:Of or involving right angles; at right angles.
orthography:The conventional spelling system of a language.
orthonormal:Both orthogonal and normalized.
orthopaedic:Relating to the branch of medicine dealing with the correction of deformities of bones or muscles.
orthopaedics:The branch of medicine dealing with the correction of deformities of bones or muscles.
orthorhombic:Of or denoting a crystal system or three-dimensional geometric arrangement having three unequal axes at right angles.
oryxes:A large antelope living in arid regions of Africa and Arabia, having dark markings on the face and long horns.
oscar:A South American cichlid fish with velvety brown young and multicolored adults, popular in aquariums.
oscars:A South American cichlid fish with velvety brown young and multicoloured adults, popular in aquaria.
oscillate:Move or swing back and forth at a regular speed.
oscillated:Move or swing back and forth in a regular rhythm.
oscillates:Move or swing back and forth in a regular rhythm.
oscillating:Move or swing back and forth in a regular rhythm.
oscillation:Movement back and forth at a regular speed.
oscillations:Movement back and forth in a regular rhythm.
oscillator:A device for generating oscillatory electric currents or voltages by nonmechanical means.
oscillators:A device for generating oscillatory electric currents or voltages by non-mechanical means.
oscilloscope:A device for viewing oscillations, as of electrical voltage or current, by a display on the screen of a cathode ray tube.
oscilloscopes:A device for viewing oscillations by a display on the screen of a cathode ray tube.
osiris:A god originally connected with fertility, husband of Isis and father of Horus. He is known chiefly through the story of his death at the hands of his brother Seth and his subsequent restoration to a new life as ruler of the afterlife.
oslo:The capital and chief port of Norway, on the southern coast at the head of Oslofjord; population 839,423 (2007). Founded in the 11th century, it was known as Christiania (or Kristiania) from 1624 until 1924 in honor of Christian IV of Norway and Denmark (1577–1648).
osmium:The chemical element of atomic number 76, a hard, dense silvery-white metal of the transition series.
osmosis:A process by which molecules of a solvent tend to pass through a semipermeable membrane from a less concentrated solution into a more concentrated one, thus equalizing the concentrations on each side of the membrane.
osprey:A large fish-eating bird of prey with long, narrow wings and a white underside and crown, found throughout the world.
ospreys:A large fish-eating bird of prey with long, narrow wings and a white underside and crown, found throughout the world.
ossified:Having turned into bone or bony tissue.
ostensible:Stated or appearing to be true, but not necessarily so.
ostensibly:Apparently or purportedly, but perhaps not actually.
ostentation:Pretentious and vulgar display, especially of wealth and luxury, intended to impress or attract notice.
ostentatious:Characterized by vulgar or pretentious display; designed to impress or attract notice.
ostentatiously:In a pretentious or showy way designed to impress.
osteoarthritis:Degeneration of joint cartilage and the underlying bone, most common from middle age onward. It causes pain and stiffness, especially in the hip, knee, and thumb joints.
osteopathy:A branch of medical practice that emphasizes the treatment of medical disorders through the manipulation and massage of the bones, joints, and muscles.
osteoporosis:A medical condition in which the bones become brittle and fragile from loss of tissue, typically as a result of hormonal changes, or deficiency of calcium or vitamin D.
ostler:A man employed to look after the horses of people staying at an inn.
ostlers:A man employed to look after the horses of people staying at an inn.
ostracise:Exclude from a society or group.
ostracised:Exclude from a society or group.
ostracism:Exclusion from a society or group.
ostrich:A flightless swift-running African bird with a long neck, long legs, and two toes on each foot. It is the largest living bird, with males reaching an average height of 8 feet (2.5 m).
ostriches:A flightless swift-running African bird with a long neck, long legs, and two toes on each foot. It is the largest living bird, with males reaching a height of up to 2.75 m.
other:View or treat (a person or group of people) as intrinsically different from and alien to oneself.
otherness:The quality or fact of being different.
others:View or treat (a person or group of people) as intrinsically different from and alien to oneself.
otherwise:In circumstances different from those present or considered; or else.
otter:A semiaquatic fish-eating mammal of the weasel family, with an elongated body, dense fur, and webbed feet.
otters:A semiaquatic fish-eating mammal of the weasel family, with an elongated body, dense fur, and webbed feet.
ottoman:A low upholstered seat, or footstool, without a back or arms that typically serves also as a box, with the seat hinged to form a lid.
ouch:Used to express pain.
ought:Used to indicate duty or correctness, typically when criticizing someone's actions.
ounce:A unit of weight of one sixteenth of a pound avoirdupois (approximately 28 grams)A unit of one twelfth of a pound troy or apothecaries' measure, equal to 480 grains (approximately 31 grams).
ounces:A unit of weight of one sixteenth of a pound avoirdupois (approximately 28 grams)A unit of one twelfth of a pound troy or apothecaries' measure, equal to 480 grains (approximately 31 grams).
our:Belonging to or associated with the speaker and one or more other people previously mentioned or easily identified.
ours:Used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the speaker and one or more other people previously mentioned or easily identified.
ourselves:Used as the object of a verb or preposition when this is the same as the subject of the clause and the subject is the speaker and one or more other people considered together.
oust:Drive out or expel (someone) from a position or place.
ousted:Drive out or expel (someone) from a position or place.
ouster:Dismissal or expulsion from a position.
ousting:Drive out or expel (someone) from a position or place.
ousts:Drive out or expel (someone) from a position or place.
out:Through to the outside.
outage:A period when a power supply or other service is not available or when equipment is closed down.
outages:A period when a power supply or other service is not available or when equipment is closed down.
outback:The remote and usually uninhabited inland regions of Australia.
outbid:Offer to pay a higher price for something than (another person)
outbids:Offer to pay a higher price for something than (another person)
outboard:Toward the outside of a ship or aircraft.
outbound:Away from a particular place, especially on the first leg of a return journey.
outbreak:The sudden or violent start of something unwelcome, such as war, disease, etc.
outbreaks:A sudden occurrence of something unwelcome, such as war or disease.
outbred:Reproduce more quickly or more prolifically than.
outbuilding:A building, such as a shed, barn, or garage, on the same property but separate from a more important one, such as a house.
outbuildings:A smaller separate building such as a shed or barn that belongs to a main building, such as a house or farm.
outburst:A sudden release of strong emotion.
outbursts:A sudden release of strong emotion.
outcall:A visit by an escort, prostitute, etc., to the address of the caller.
outcast:A person who has been rejected by society or a social group.
outcasts:A person who has been rejected or ostracized by their society or social group.
outclassed:Be far superior to.
outcome:The way a thing turns out; a consequence.
outcomes:The way a thing turns out; a consequence.
outcries:An exclamation or shout.
outcrop:A rock formation that is visible on the surface.
outcrops:Appear as an outcrop.
outcry:An exclamation or shout.
outdated:Out of date; obsolete.
outdid:Be superior to in action or performance.
outdo:Be more successful than.
outdoes:Be superior to in action or performance.
outdoing:Be superior to in action or performance.
outdone:Be superior to in action or performance.
outdoor:Done, situated, or used out of doors.
outdoors:In or into the open air; outside a building or shelter.
outer:Outside; external.
outermost:The one that is farthest from the center.
outface:Disconcert or defeat (an opponent) by bold confrontation.
outfall:The place where a river, drain, or sewer empties into the sea, a river, or a lake.
outfalls:The place where a river, drain, or sewer empties into the sea, a river, or a lake.
outfield:The grassy area beyond the infield.
outfit:Provide (someone) with a set of clothes.
outfits:Provide with a set of clothes.
outfitters:A shop selling men's clothing.
outflank:Move around the side of (an enemy) so as to outmaneuver them.
outflanked:Move round the side of (an enemy) so as to outmanoeuvre them.
outflow:A large amount of money, liquid, or people that moves or is transferred out of a place.
outflows:A large amount of money, liquid, or people that moves or is transferred out of a place.
outfox:Defeat or deceive (someone) by being more clever or cunning than they are; outwit.
outfoxed:Defeat (someone) by being more clever or cunning than them.
outfoxes:Defeat (someone) by being more clever or cunning than them.
outgo:Go faster than.
outgoing:A person's regular expenditure.
outgoings:A person's regular expenditure.
outgrew:Grow too big for.
outgrow:Grow too big for (something)
outgrowing:Grow too big for.
outgrown:Grow too big for.
outgrowth:Something that grows out of something else.
outgrowths:Something that grows out of something else.
outguess:Outwit (someone) by guessing correctly what they intend to do.
outhouse:An outbuilding containing a toilet, typically with no plumbing.
outhouses:Store or accommodate away from the main storage or accommodation area.
outing:A trip taken for pleasure, especially one lasting a day or less.
outings:A trip taken for pleasure, especially one lasting a day or less.
outlandish:Looking or sounding bizarre or unfamiliar.
outlast:Live or last longer than.
outlasted:Live or last longer than.
outlasts:Live or last longer than.
outlaw:Ban or make illegal.
outlawed:Made illegal; banned.
outlawing:Ban or make illegal.
outlaws:Ban or make illegal.
outlay:An amount of money spent on something.
outlays:An amount of money spent on something.
outlet:A pipe or hole through which water or gas may escape.
outlets:A pipe or hole through which water or gas may escape.
outlier:A person or thing situated away or detached from the main body or system.
outliers:A person or thing situated away or detached from the main body or system.
outline:Draw, trace, or define the outer edge or shape of (something)
outlined:Draw, trace, or define the outer edge or shape of.
outlines:Draw, trace, or define the outer edge or shape of.
outlining:Draw, trace, or define the outer edge or shape of.
outlive:(of a person) live longer than (another person)
outlived:(of a person) live longer than (another person)
outlives:(of a person) live longer than (another person)
outliving:(of a person) live longer than (another person)
outlook:A person's point of view or general attitude to life.
outlooks:A person's point of view or general attitude to life.
outlying:Situated far from a center; remote.
outmanoeuvre:Evade (an opponent) by moving faster or with greater agility.
outmanoeuvred:Evade (an opponent) by moving faster or with greater agility.
outmoded:Old-fashioned.
outmost:Farthest away.
outnumber:Be more numerous than.
outnumbered:Be more numerous than.
outnumbering:Be more numerous than.
outnumbers:Be more numerous than.
outpace:Go, rise, or improve faster than.
outpaced:Go, rise, or improve faster than.
outpacing:Go, rise, or improve faster than.
outpatient:A patient who receives medical treatment without being admitted to a hospital.
outpatients:A patient who attends a hospital for treatment without staying there overnight.
outperform:Perform better than.
outperformed:Perform better than.
outperforming:Perform better than.
outperforms:Perform better than.
outplacement:The provision of assistance to laid-off employees in finding new employment, either as a benefit provided by the employer directly, or through a specialist service.
outplay:Play better than.
outplayed:Play better than.
outpointed:Defeat (an opponent) on points.
outpointing:Defeat (an opponent) on points.
outpost:A small military camp or position at some distance from the main force, used especially as a guard against surprise attack.
outposts:A small military camp or position at some distance from the main army, used especially as a guard against surprise attack.
outpouring:Something that streams out rapidly.
outpourings:Something that streams out rapidly.
output:Produce, deliver, or supply (data) using a computer or other device.
outputs:(of a computer or other device) produce, deliver, or supply (data)
outputting:The amount of something produced by a person, machine, or industry.
outrage:Arouse fierce anger, shock, or indignation in (someone)
outraged:Arouse fierce anger, shock, or indignation in (someone)
outrageous:Shockingly bad or excessive.
outrageously:In a shockingly bad or excessive way.
outrages:Arouse fierce anger, shock, or indignation in (someone)
outraging:An extremely strong reaction of anger, shock, or indignation.
outran:Run or travel faster or further than.
outrank:Have a higher rank than (someone else)
outreach:Reach further than.
outride:Ride better, faster, or further than.
outrider:A person in a motor vehicle or on horseback who goes in front of or beside a vehicle as an escort or guard.
outriders:A person in a motor vehicle or on horseback who goes in front of or beside a vehicle as an escort or guard.
outrigger:A beam, spar, or framework projecting from or over the side of a ship or boat.
outright:Altogether; completely.
outrun:Run or travel faster or farther than.
outruns:Run or travel faster or further than.
outs:Non-standard contraction of out of.
outsell:Sell or be sold in greater quantities than.
outset:The start or beginning of something.
outsets:The start or beginning of something.
outshine:Shine more brightly than.
outshines:Shine more brightly than.
outshining:Shine more brightly than.
outshone:Shine more brightly than.
outside:Situated or moving beyond the boundaries or confines of.
outsider:A person who does not belong to a particular group.
outsiders:A person who does not belong to a particular organization or profession.
outsides:The external side or surface of something.
outsize:An exceptionally large person or thing, especially a garment made to measurements larger than the standard.
outskirts:The outer parts of a town or city.
outsmart:Defeat or get the better of (someone) by being clever or cunning.
outsold:Sell or be sold in greater quantities than.
outsourcing:Obtain (goods or a service) by contract from an outside supplier.
outspan:Unharness (an animal) from a wagon.
outspoken:Frank in stating one's opinions, especially if they are critical or controversial.
outspread:Spread out.
outstanding:Exceptionally good.
outstandingly:Exceptionally.
outstation:A branch of an organization situated at some distance from its headquarters.
outstations:A branch of an organization situated at some distance from its headquarters.
outstay:Stay beyond the limit of (one's expected or permitted time)
outstayed:Stay beyond the limit of (one's expected or permitted time)
outstep:Exceed.
outstretched:(especially of a hand or arm) extended or stretched out.
outstrip:Move faster than and overtake (someone else)
outstripped:Move faster than and overtake (someone else)
outstripping:Move faster than and overtake (someone else)
outstrips:Move faster than and overtake (someone else)
outvoted:Defeat by gaining more votes.
outward:Away from the center or a particular point; toward the outside.
outwardly:On the surface.
outwards:variant of outward
outweigh:Be heavier than.
outweighed:Be heavier, greater, or more significant than.
outweighing:Be heavier, greater, or more significant than.
outweighs:Be heavier, greater, or more significant than.
outwit:Deceive or defeat by greater ingenuity.
outwith:Outside; beyond.
outwits:Deceive by greater ingenuity.
outwitted:Deceive by greater ingenuity.
outwitting:Deceive by greater ingenuity.
outwork:Work harder, faster, or longer than (someone else)
outworking:The action or process by which something is brought to completion.
ova:A mature female reproductive cell, especially of a human or other animal, which can divide to give rise to an embryo usually only after fertilization by a male cell.
oval:A body, object, or design with an oval shape or outline.
ovals:Having a rounded and slightly elongated outline or shape like that of an egg.
ovarian:Relating to an ovary or the ovaries.
ovaries:A female reproductive organ in which ova or eggs are produced, present in humans and other vertebrates as a pair.
ovary:A female reproductive organ in which ova or eggs are produced, present in humans and other vertebrates as a pair.
ovate:Having an oval outline or ovoid shape, like an egg.
ovation:A sustained and enthusiastic show of appreciation from an audience, especially by means of applause.
ovations:A sustained and enthusiastic show of appreciation from an audience, especially by means of applause.
oven:An enclosed compartment, as in a kitchen range, for cooking and heating food.
ovens:An enclosed compartment, usually part of a cooker, for cooking and heating food.
over:Extending directly upward from.
overact:(of an actor) act a role in an exaggerated manner.
overacted:(of an actor or actress) act a role in an exaggerated manner.
overacting:Exaggerated or over-theatrical acting.
overactive:Excessively active.
overall:In all parts; taken as a whole.
overalls:Taken as a whole; in all.
overambitious:Excessively ambitious.
overanxious:Excessively anxious.
overbearing:Unpleasantly or arrogantly domineering.
overboard:From a ship into the water.
overburdened:Load (someone) with too many things to carry.
overcame:Succeed in dealing with (a problem or difficulty)
overcapacity:The situation in which an industry or factory cannot sell as much as it can produce.
overcast:Cover with clouds or shade.
overcharge:Charge (someone) too high a price for goods or a service.
overcharged:Charge (someone) too high a price for goods or a service.
overcoat:A long warm coat worn over other clothing.
overcoats:A long warm coat.
overcome:Succeed in dealing with (a problem or difficulty)
overcomes:Succeed in dealing with (a problem or difficulty)
overcoming:Succeed in dealing with (a problem or difficulty)
overcompensate:Take excessive measures in attempting to correct or make amends for an error, weakness, or problem.
overcomplicated:Make (something) more complicated than necessary.
overconfident:Excessively or unreasonably confident.
overcook:Cook too much or for too long.
overcooked:Cook too much or for too long.
overcrowded:(of accommodations or a space) filled beyond what is comfortable, safe, or desirable.
overcrowding:The presence of more people or things in a space than is is comfortable, safe, or permissible.
overdetermined:Determine, account for, or cause (something) in more than one way or with more conditions than are necessary.
overdo:Do, use, or carry to excess; exaggerate.
overdone:(of food) overcooked.
overdose:An excessive and dangerous dose of a drug.
overdosed:Take an overdose of a drug.
overdraft:A deficit in a bank account caused by drawing more money than the account holds.
overdraw:Draw money from (one's bank account) in excess of what the account holds.
overdrawn:Draw money from (one's bank account) in excess of what the account holds.
overdrive:Give (an electric guitar) a distorted sound.
overdubbing:Record (additional sounds) on an existing recording.
overdue:Not having arrived, happened, or been done by the expected time.
overeat:Eat too much.
overeating:The activity or habit of eating too much.
overemotional:(of a person) having feelings that are too easily excited and displayed.
overemphasis:Excessive emphasis.
overestimate:Estimate (something) to be better, larger, or more important than it really is.
overestimation:A judgment or rough calculation that is too favorable or too high.
overexposure:Excessive exposure, especially to something harmful.
overextended:Make (something) too long.
overfeed:Give too much food to.
overfill:Put more into (a container) than it either should or can contain.
overflow:(especially of a liquid) flow over the brim of a receptacle.
overflowed:(especially of a liquid) flow over the brim of a receptacle.
overflowing:Flooding or flowing over a surface or area.
overflown:Fly over (a place)
overflows:(especially of a liquid) flow over the brim of a receptacle.
overfly:Fly over (a place or territory)
overfull:Containing an excessive amount of something.
overgeneralised:Draw a conclusion or make a statement about (something) that is more general than is justified.
overgeneralising:Draw a conclusion or make a statement about (something) that is more general than is justified.
overgrazing:Excessive grazing which causes damage to grassland.
overground:On or above the ground.
overgrown:Covered with plants that have been allowed to grow wild.
overgrowth:Excessive growth.
overhand:With the hand or arm passing above the level of the shoulder.
overhang:Hang or extend outward over.
overhanging:Hanging or extending outward over something.
overhangs:Hang or extend outwards over.
overhasty:Excessively hasty.
overhaul:Take apart (a piece of machinery or equipment) in order to examine it and repair it if necessary.
overhauled:Take apart (a piece of machinery or equipment) in order to examine it and repair it if necessary.
overhauling:Take apart (a piece of machinery or equipment) in order to examine it and repair it if necessary.
overhauls:Take apart (a piece of machinery or equipment) in order to examine it and repair it if necessary.
overhead:Above the level of the head; in the sky.
overheads:Above the level of the head; in the sky.
overhear:Hear (someone or something) without meaning to or without the knowledge of the speaker.
overheard:Hear (someone or something) without meaning to or without the knowledge of the speaker.
overhearing:Hear (someone or something) without meaning to or without the knowledge of the speaker.
overhears:Hear (someone or something) without meaning to or without the knowledge of the speaker.
overheat:Make or become too hot.
overheated:Having become or been made too hot.
overheating:Make or become too hot.
overhung:Hang or extend outwards over.
overindulgence:The action or fact of having too much of something enjoyable.
overinflated:(of a price or value) excessive.
overjoyed:Extremely happy.
overkill:Excessive use, treatment, or action; too much of something.
overladen:Having too large or too heavy a load.
overlaid:Cover the surface of (something) with a coating.
overlain:Lie on top of.
overland:By land.
overlap:Extend over so as to cover partly.
overlapped:Extend over so as to cover partly.
overlapping:Extend over so as to cover partly.
overlaps:Extend over so as to cover partly.
overlay:Cover the surface of (something) with a coating.
overlaying:Cover the surface of (something) with a coating.
overlays:Cover the surface of (something) with a coating.
overleaf:On the other side of the page.
overlie:Lie on top of.
overlies:Lie on top of.
overload:Load with too great a burden or cargo.
overloaded:Loaded with too great a burden or cargo.
overloading:Load with too great a burden or cargo.
overloads:Load with too great a burden or cargo.
overlong:For too long.
overlook:Fail to notice (something)
overlooked:Fail to notice.
overlooking:Fail to notice.
overlooks:Fail to notice.
overlord:A ruler, especially a feudal lord.
overlords:A ruler, especially a feudal lord.
overly:Excessively.
overmanning:Provide with more staff than necessary.
overmantel:An ornamental structure over a mantelpiece, typically of plaster or carved wood and sometimes including a mirror.
overmatching:Be stronger, better armed, or more skilful than.
overmuch:Too much; excessively.
overnight:Stay for the night in a particular place.
overoptimistic:Unjustifiably optimistic.
overpaid:(of a person or organization) paid too highly.
overpass:Pass over; traverse.
overpay:Pay (someone) too highly.
overpayment:Payment in excess of what is due.
overplay:Give undue importance to; overemphasize.
overplayed:Give undue importance to; overemphasize.
overplaying:Give undue importance to; overemphasize.
overpopulated:Having an excessively large population.
overpopulation:The condition of being populated with excessively large numbers.
overpopulous:Too full of people or inhabitants; overpopulated.
overpower:Defeat or overcome with superior strength.
overpowered:Defeat or overcome with superior strength.
overpowering:Extremely strong or intense; overwhelming.
overpowers:Defeat or overcome with superior strength.
overpressure:Specifically. Fluid or gas pressure in excess of that which is normal or allowed for; an instance of this.
overpriced:Too expensive; costing more than it is worth.
overprint:Print additional matter on (a stamp or other surface already bearing print)
overprinted:Print additional matter on (a stamp or other surface already bearing print)
overprinting:Print additional matter on (a stamp or other surface already bearing print)
overprints:Print additional matter on (a stamp or other surface already bearing print)
overproduced:(of a song or piece of music) recorded or arranged in such an elaborate way that the spontaneity or artistry of the original material is lost.
overproduction:The production of more of a product, commodity, or substance than is wanted or needed.
overqualified:Having qualifications that exceed the requirements of a particular job.
overran:Spread over or occupy (a place) in large numbers.
overrate:Have a higher opinion of (someone or something) than is deserved.
overrated:Rated or valued too highly.
overreach:Reach too far.
overreached:Reach out too far.
overreaching:Reach out too far.
overreact:Respond more emotionally or forcibly than is justified.
overreacted:Respond more emotionally or forcibly than is justified.
overreacting:Respond more emotionally or forcibly than is justified.
overreaction:A more emotional or forcible response than is justified.
overreacts:Respond more emotionally or forcibly than is justified.
overrepresented:Include a disproportionately large number of (a particular category)
overridden:Use one's authority to reject or cancel (a decision, view, etc.)
override:Use one's authority to reject or cancel (a decision, view, etc.)
overrides:Use one's authority to reject or cancel (a decision, view, etc.)
overriding:More important than any other considerations.
overripe:Too ripe; past its best.
overrode:Use one's authority to reject or cancel (a decision, view, etc.)
overrule:Reject or disallow by exercising one's superior authority.
overruled:Reject or disallow by exercising one's superior authority.
overruling:Reject or disallow by exercising one's superior authority.
overrun:Spread over or occupy (a place) in large numbers.
overrunning:Spread over or occupy (a place) in large numbers.
overruns:Spread over or occupy (a place) in large numbers.
overs:Extending directly upwards from.
oversampled:That has been oversampled.
oversampling:The technique of increasing the apparent sampling frequency of a digital signal by repeating each digit a number of times, in order to facilitate the subsequent filtering of unwanted noise.
oversaw:Supervise (a person or their work), especially in an official capacity.
overseas:In or to a foreign country, especially one across the sea.
oversee:Supervise (a person or work), especially in an official capacity.
overseeing:Supervise (a person or their work), especially in an official capacity.
overseen:Supervise (a person or their work), especially in an official capacity.
overseer:A person who supervises others, especially workers.
overseers:A person who supervises others, especially workers.
oversees:Supervise (a person or their work), especially in an official capacity.
oversensitive:(especially of a person or an instrument) excessively sensitive.
oversexed:Having unusually strong sexual desires.
overshadow:Tower above and cast a shadow over.
overshadowed:Tower above and cast a shadow over.
overshadowing:Tower above and cast a shadow over.
overshadows:Tower above and cast a shadow over.
overshoot:Go past (a point) unintentionally, especially through traveling too fast or being unable to stop.
overshooting:Go past (an intended stopping or turning point) inadvertently.
overshot:past and past participle of overshoot
oversight:An unintentional failure to notice or do something.
oversimplification:Simplification of something to such an extent that a distorted impression is given.
oversimplified:Simplified to such an extent that a distorted impression is given.
oversimplify:Simplify (something) so much that a distorted impression of it is given.
oversize:Bigger than the usual size.
oversized:Bigger than the usual size.
oversleep:Sleep longer or later than one intended.
overslept:Sleep longer or later than one intended.
overspend:Spend more than the expected or allotted amount.
overspending:Spend more than the expected or allotted amount.
overspill:The action or result of spilling over or spreading into another area.
overstaffed:Having more members of staff than are needed.
overstate:Express or state too strongly; exaggerate.
overstated:State too strongly; exaggerate.
overstatement:The action of expressing or stating something too strongly; exaggeration.
overstep:Pass beyond or exceed (a limit or standard)
overstocking:Supply with more of something than is necessary or required.
overstress:Subject to too much physical or mental stress.
overstressed:Subject to too much physical or mental stress.
overstretch:Stretch too much.
overstuffed:(of a container) forced to hold too much.
oversubscribed:Applied for in greater quantities than are available or expected.
oversupply:Supply with too much or too many.
overt:Done or shown openly; plainly or readily apparent, not secret or hidden.
overtake:Catch up with and pass while traveling in the same direction.
overtaken:Catch up with and pass while travelling in the same direction.
overtakes:Catch up with and pass while travelling in the same direction.
overtaking:Catch up with and pass while travelling in the same direction.
overtax:Require (a person or company) to pay too much tax.
overthrew:Remove forcibly from power.
overthrow:Remove forcibly from power.
overthrowing:Remove forcibly from power.
overthrown:Remove forcibly from power.
overthrows:Remove forcibly from power.
overtime:In addition to normal working hours.
overtly:Without concealment or secrecy; openly.
overtone:A musical tone which is a part of the harmonic series above a fundamental note, and may be heard with it.
overtones:A musical tone which is a part of the harmonic series above a fundamental note, and may be heard with it.
overtook:Catch up with and pass while travelling in the same direction.
overtops:Exceed in height.
overture:An orchestral piece at the beginning of an opera, suite, play, oratorio, or other extended composition.
overtures:An orchestral piece at the beginning of an opera, play, etc.
overturn:Tip (something) over so that it is on its side or upside down.
overturned:Tip (something) over so that it is on its side or upside down.
overturning:Tip (something) over so that it is on its side or upside down.
overturns:Tip (something) over so that it is on its side or upside down.
overuse:Use (something) too much.
overused:Used too much.
overuses:Use (something) too much.
overvalue:Overestimate the importance of.
overvalued:Overestimate the importance of.
overview:Give a general review or summary of.
overviews:Give a general review or summary of.
overweening:Showing excessive confidence or pride.
overweight:Put too much weight on; overload.
overwhelm:Bury or drown beneath a huge mass.
overwhelmed:Bury or drown beneath a huge mass of something, especially water.
overwhelming:Very great in amount.
overwhelmingly:To a very great degree or with a great majority.
overwhelms:Bury or drown beneath a huge mass of something, especially water.
overwinter:Spend the winter.
overwintered:Spend the winter.
overwintering:Spend the winter.
overwork:Cause (someone) to work beyond their capacity or strength.
overworked:(of a person) having to work beyond their capacity or strength.
overworking:Cause (someone) to work beyond their capacity or strength.
overwrite:Write on top of (other writing)
overwrites:Write on top of (other writing)
overwriting:Writing on top of other writing.
overwritten:Write on top of (other writing)
overwrote:Write on top of (other writing)
overwrought:In a state of nervous excitement or anxiety.
oviduct:The tube through which an ovum or egg passes from an ovary.
ovoid:An ovoid body or surface.
ovulation:Discharge of ova or ovules from the ovary.
ovum:A mature female reproductive cell, especially of a human or other animal, which can divide to give rise to an embryo usually only after fertilization by a male cell.
ow:Used to express sudden pain.
owe:Have an obligation to pay or repay (something, especially money) in return for something received.
owed:Have an obligation to pay or repay (something, especially money) in return for something received.
owes:Have an obligation to pay or repay (something, especially money) in return for something received.
owing:(of money) yet to be paid.
owl:A nocturnal bird of prey with large forward-facing eyes surrounded by facial disks, a hooked beak, and typically a loud call.
owlet:A small owl found chiefly in Asia and Africa.
owlets:A small owl found chiefly in Asia and Africa.
owlish:Like an owl, especially in acting or appearing wise or solemn.
owls:A nocturnal bird of prey with large eyes, a facial disc, a hooked beak, and typically a loud hooting call.
own:Have (something) as one's own; possess.
owned:Have (something) as one's own; possess.
owner:A person who owns something.
owners:A person who owns something.
ownership:The act, state, or right of possessing something.
ownerships:The act, state, or right of possessing something.
owning:Have (something) as one's own; possess.
owns:Have (something) as one's own; possess.
ox:A castrated bull used as a draft animal.
oxalate:A salt or ester of oxalic acid.
oxen:A castrated bull used as a draught animal.
oxford:A city in central England, on the River Thames; population 146,100 (est. 2009). Oxford University is located here.
oxidant:An oxidizing agent.
oxidants:An oxidizing agent.
oxidation:The process or result of oxidizing or being oxidized.
oxide:A binary compound of oxygen with another element or group.
oxides:A binary compound of oxygen with another element or group.
oxidise:Combine chemically with oxygen.
oxidised:Combine chemically with oxygen.
oxidising:Combine chemically with oxygen.
oxtail:The tail of a cow.
oxygen:A colorless, odorless reactive gas, the chemical element of atomic number 8 and the life-supporting component of the air.
oxygenated:Supplied, treated, or enriched with oxygen.
oxygenating:Supply, treat, charge, or enrich with oxygen.
oxymoron:A figure of speech in which apparently contradictory terms appear in conjunction (e.g. faith unfaithful kept him falsely true).
oyster:Any of a number of bivalve mollusks with rough irregular shells. Several kinds are eaten (especially raw) as a delicacy and may be farmed for food or pearls.
oysters:Raise, dredge, or gather oysters.
ozone:A colorless unstable toxic gas with a pungent odor and powerful oxidizing properties, formed from oxygen by electrical discharges or ultraviolet light. It differs from normal oxygen (O₂) in having three atoms in its molecule (O₃).
pa:Father.
pace:A single step taken when walking or running.
paced:Walk at a steady speed, especially without a particular destination and as an expression of anxiety or annoyance.
pacemaker:An artificial device for stimulating the heart muscle and regulating its contractions.
pacemakers:A person or animal who sets the pace at the beginning of a race, sometimes in order to help a runner break a record.
paceman:A fast bowler.
pacemen:A fast bowler.
pacer:A pacesetter.
pacers:A pacemaker.
paces:Walk at a steady speed, especially without a particular destination and as an expression of anxiety or annoyance.
pacey:Lead ore in the form of small grains.
pachyderm:A very large mammal with thick skin, especially an elephant, rhinoceros, or hippopotamus.
pacific:short for Pacific Ocean
pacified:Quell the anger, agitation, or excitement of.
pacifier:A person or thing that pacifies someone or something.
pacifies:Quell the anger, agitation, or excitement of.
pacifism:The belief that any violence, including war, is unjustifiable under any circumstances, and that all disputes should be settled by peaceful means.
pacifist:A person who believes that war and violence are unjustifiable.
pacifists:A person who believes that war and violence are unjustifiable.
pacify:Quell the anger, agitation, or excitement of.
pacifying:Quell the anger, agitation, or excitement of.
pacing:Walk at a steady speed, especially without a particular destination and as an expression of anxiety or annoyance.
pack:Fill (a suitcase or bag), especially with clothes and other items needed when away from home.
package:Put into a box or wrapping, especially for sale.
packaged:Wrapped or put into a box for sale or transport.
packages:Put into a box or wrapping for sale or transport.
packaging:Materials used to wrap or protect goods.
packed:(of a room, building, or other place) filled by a large number of people; very crowded.
packer:A person or machine that packs something, especially someone who prepares and packs food for transportation and sale.
packers:A person or machine that packs something, especially someone who prepares and packs food for transportation and sale.
packet:Make up into or wrap up in a packet.
packets:Make up into or wrap up in a packet.
packhorse:A horse used to carry loads.
packing:The action or process of packing something.
packs:Fill (a suitcase or bag) with clothes and other items needed for travel.
pact:A formal agreement between individuals or parties.
pacts:A formal agreement between individuals or parties.
pad:Fill or cover (something) with soft material in order to protect it or its contents, make it more comfortable, or give it a particular shape.
padded:Filled or covered with soft material for the purpose of protection, comfort, or to add shape.
padding:Soft material such as foam or cloth used to pad or stuff something.
paddle:Move through the water in a boat using a paddle or paddles.
paddled:Move through the water in a boat using a paddle or paddles.
paddles:Move through the water in a boat using a paddle or paddles.
paddling:A flock of swimming ducks.
paddock:Keep or enclose (a horse) in a paddock.
paddocks:Keep (a horse) in a paddock.
paddy:A field where rice is grown.
padlock:Secure with a padlock.
padlocked:Secure with a padlock.
padlocking:Secure with a padlock.
padlocks:Secure with a padlock.
padre:The title of a priest or chaplain in some regions.
padres:The title of a priest or chaplain in some countries.
pads:Fill or cover (something) with soft material in order to protect it or its contents, make it more comfortable, or give it a particular shape.
paean:A song of praise or triumph.
paeans:A song of praise or triumph.
paediatric:Relating to the branch of medicine dealing with children and their diseases.
paediatrician:A medical practitioner specializing in children and their diseases.
paediatricians:A medical practitioner specializing in children and their diseases.
paediatrics:The branch of medicine dealing with children and their diseases.
paedophile:A person who is sexually attracted to children.
paedophiles:A person who is sexually attracted to children.
paedophilia:Sexual feelings directed towards children.
paella:A Spanish dish of rice, saffron, chicken, seafood, etc., cooked and served in a large shallow pan.
paeony:A herbaceous or shrubby plant of north temperate regions, which has long been cultivated for its showy flowers.
pagan:A person holding religious beliefs other than those of the main world religions.
paganism:A religion other than one of the main world religions, specifically a non-Christian or pre-Christian religion.
pagans:A person holding religious beliefs other than those of the main world religions.
page:Leaf through (a book, magazine, or newspaper)
pageant:A public entertainment consisting of a procession of people in elaborate, colorful costumes, or an outdoor performance of a historical scene.
pageantry:Elaborate display or ceremony.
pageants:A public entertainment consisting of a procession of people in elaborate, colourful costumes, or an outdoor performance of a historical scene.
pageboy:A male page, especially in a hotel or attending a bride at a wedding.
pageful:As much writing or text as fills a page or computer screen, especially conceived of as a large quantity. Also in extended use: any copious quantity of spoken or written language.
pager:An electronic device, usually worn on one's person, that receives messages and signals the user by beeping or vibrating.
pagers:A small radio device, activated from a central point, which emits a series of bleeps or vibrates to inform the wearer that someone wishes to contact them or that it has received a short text message.
pages:Look through the pages of (a book, magazine, etc.)
paginal:Relating to the pages of a book or periodical.
paginate:Number the pages of.
paginated:Number the pages of.
pagination:The sequence of numbers assigned to pages in a book or periodical.
paging:Look through the pages of (a book, magazine, etc.)
pagoda:A Hindu or Buddhist temple or sacred building, typically a many-tiered tower, in India and East Asia.
paid:past and past participle of pay
pail:A bucket.
pain:Cause mental or physical pain to.
pained:Affected with pain, especially mental pain; hurt or troubled.
painful:(of a part of the body) affected with pain.
painfully:In a painful manner or to a painful degree.
paining:Cause mental or physical pain to.
painkiller:A drug or a medicine for relieving pain.
painless:Not causing or suffering physical pain.
painlessly:In a way that does not cause physical pain.
pains:Cause mental or physical pain to.
painstaking:Done with or employing great care and thoroughness.
painstakingly:With great care and thoroughness.
paint:Cover the surface of (something) with paint, as decoration or protection.
paintbox:A box holding dry paints for painting pictures.
paintbrush:A brush for applying paint.
painted:Covered or decorated with paint.
painter:An artist who paints pictures.
painters:An artist who paints pictures.
painting:The process or art of using paint, in a picture, as a protective coating, or as decoration.
paints:Cover the surface of (something) with paint.
paintwork:Painted surfaces in a building or on a vehicle.
pair:Join or connect to form a pair.
paired:Occurring in pairs or as a pair.
pairing:An arrangement or match resulting from organizing or forming people or things into pairs.
pairs:Put together or join to form a pair.
pajamas:A suit of loose pants and jacket or shirt for sleeping in.
pakistan:A country in South Asia; population 188,900,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Islamabad; languages, Urdu (official), English (official), Punjabi, Sindhi, and Pashto.
pal:A friend.
palace:The official residence of a sovereign, archbishop, bishop, or other exalted person.
palaces:A large and impressive building forming the official residence of a ruler, pope, archbishop, etc.
palaeolithic:The early phase of the Stone Age, lasting about 2.5 million years, when primitive stone implements were used.
palaeontology:The branch of science concerned with fossil animals and plants.
palatable:(of food or drink) pleasant to taste.
palate:The roof of the mouth, separating the cavities of the nose and the mouth in vertebrates.
palatial:Resembling a palace in being spacious and splendid.
palatinate:A territory under the jurisdiction of a count palatine.
palatine:(of an official or feudal lord) having local authority that elsewhere belongs only to a sovereign.
palaver:Unnecessarily elaborate or complex procedure.
pale:Become pale in one's face from shock or fear.
paled:Become pale in one's face from shock or fear.
paler:Become pale in one's face from shock or fear.
pales:Become pale in one's face from shock or fear.
palest:Become pale in one's face from shock or fear.
palette:A thin board or slab on which an artist lays and mixes colors.
palimpsest:A manuscript or piece of writing material on which the original writing has been effaced to make room for later writing but of which traces remain.
palindrome:A word, phrase, or sequence that reads the same backward as forward, e.g., madam or nurses run.
paling:A fence made from pointed wooden or metal stakes.
palisade:Enclose or provide (a building or place) with a palisade.
pall:A cloth spread over a coffin, hearse, or tomb.
palladium:The chemical element of atomic number 46, a rare silvery-white metal resembling platinum.
palled:Form a friendship.
pallet:A straw mattress.
pallets:A straw mattress.
palliative:A palliative remedy, medicine, etc.
pallid:(of a person's face) pale, typically because of poor health.
pallor:An unhealthy pale appearance.
palm:An unbranched evergreen tree with a crown of long feathered or fan-shaped leaves, and typically having old leaf scars forming a regular pattern on the trunk. Palms grow in warm regions, especially the tropics.A leaf of a palm tree awarded as a prize or viewed as a symbol of victory or triumph.
palming:An unbranched evergreen tree of tropical and warm regions, with a crown of very long feathered or fan-shaped leaves, and typically having old leaf scars forming a regular pattern on the trunk.A leaf of a palm tree awarded as a prize or viewed as a symbol of victory.
palmist:A person who practices palmistry; a palm-reader.
palms:An unbranched evergreen tree of tropical and warm regions, with a crown of very long feathered or fan-shaped leaves, and typically having old leaf scars forming a regular pattern on the trunk.A leaf of a palm tree awarded as a prize or viewed as a symbol of victory.
palmtop:A computer small and lightweight enough to be held in one hand.
palmy:(especially of a previous period of time) flourishing or successful.
palp:Each of a pair of elongated segmented appendages near the mouth of an arthropod, usually concerned with the senses of touch and taste.
palpable:(of a feeling or atmosphere) so intense as to seem almost tangible.
palpably:Noticeably or clearly.
palpate:Examine (a part of the body) by touch, especially for medical purposes.
palpated:Examine (a part of the body) by touch, especially for medical purposes.
palpitate:(of the heart) beat rapidly, strongly, or irregularly.
palpitating:(of the heart) beating rapidly, strongly, or irregularly.
palpitation:A noticeably rapid, strong, or irregular heartbeat due to agitation, exertion, or illness.
palpitations:A noticeably rapid, strong, or irregular heartbeat due to agitation, exertion, or illness.
pals:Form a friendship.
palsied:Affect with paralysis and involuntary tremors.
palsy:Affect with paralysis and involuntary tremors.
paltriest:(of an amount) very small or meagre.
paltry:(of an amount) small or meager.
pampas:Extensive, treeless plains in South America.
pamper:Indulge with every attention, comfort, and kindness; spoil.
pampered:Indulge with every attention, comfort, and kindness; spoil.
pampering:Indulge with every attention, comfort, and kindness; spoil.
pampers:Indulge with every attention, comfort, and kindness; spoil.
pamphlet:Distribute pamphlets to.
pamphleteer:A writer of pamphlets, especially ones of a political and controversial nature.
pamphlets:Distribute pamphlets to.
pan:Criticize (someone or something) severely.
panacea:A solution or remedy for all difficulties or diseases.
panache:Flamboyant confidence of style or manner.
panama:A wide-brimmed hat of strawlike material, originally made from the leaves of a particular tropical palm tree, worn chiefly by men.
pancake:(with reference to an aircraft) make or cause to make a pancake landing.
pancreas:A large gland behind the stomach which secretes digestive enzymes into the duodenum. Embedded in the pancreas are the islets of Langerhans, which secrete into the blood the hormones insulin and glucagon.
pancreatic:Relating to the pancreas.
panda:A large bearlike mammal with characteristic black and white markings, native to certain mountain forests in China. It feeds almost entirely on bamboo and has become increasingly rare.
pandas:A large bearlike mammal with characteristic black and white markings, native to certain mountain forests in China. It feeds almost entirely on bamboo and has become increasingly rare.
pandemic:An outbreak of a pandemic disease.
pandemics:An outbreak of a pandemic disease.
pandemonium:Wild and noisy disorder or confusion; uproar.
pander:Gratify or indulge (an immoral or distasteful desire, need, or habit or a person with such a desire, etc.)
pandering:Gratify or indulge (an immoral or distasteful desire or taste or a person with such a desire or taste)
pandora:A burrowing bivalve mollusk with a fragile shell, the unequal valves of which form a “box” with a lid.
pane:A single sheet of glass in a window or door.
panel:Cover (a wall or other surface) with panels.
panelled:(of a wall or other surface) covered with panels.
panelling:Panels collectively, when used to decorate a wall.
panels:Cover (a wall or other surface) with panels.
panes:A single sheet of glass in a window or door.
pang:A sudden sharp pain or painful emotion.
panga:A bladed African tool like a machete.
pangas:A bladed African tool like a machete.
pangolin:An African and Asian mammal that has a body covered with horny overlapping scales, a small head with elongated snout, a long sticky tongue for catching ants and termites, and a thick, tapering tail.
pangs:A sudden sharp pain or painful emotion.
panic:Feel or cause to feel panic.
panicked:Feel or cause to feel panic.
panicking:Feel or cause to feel panic.
panicky:Feeling or characterized by uncontrollable fear or anxiety.
panics:Feel or cause to feel panic.
panjandrum:A person who has or claims to have a great deal of authority or influence.
panned:Criticize severely.
pannier:A basket, especially one of a pair carried by a beast of burden.
panniers:A basket, especially one of a pair carried by a beast of burden.
panning:Criticize severely.
panoply:A complete or impressive collection of things.
panorama:An unbroken view of the whole region surrounding an observer.
panoramas:An unbroken view of the whole region surrounding an observer.
panoramic:(of a view or picture) with a wide view surrounding the observer; sweeping.
pans:Criticize severely.
pansies:A cultivated variety of viola with brightly coloured flowers.
pansy:A popular cultivated viola with flowers in rich colors, with both summer- and winter-flowering varieties.
pant:Breathe with short, quick breaths, typically from exertion or excitement.
pantaloons:Women's baggy trousers gathered at the ankles.
panted:Breathe with short, quick breaths, typically from exertion or excitement.
pantheism:A doctrine which identifies God with the universe, or regards the universe as a manifestation of God.
pantheon:A group of particularly respected, famous, or important people.
panther:A leopard, especially a black one.
panthers:A leopard, especially a black one.
panties:Short underpants worn by women and girls.
panting:Breathing with short, quick breaths; out of breath.
pantograph:An instrument for copying a drawing or plan on a different scale by a system of hinged and jointed rods.
pantomime:Express or represent (something) by extravagant and exaggerated mime.
pantry:A small room or closet in which food, dishes, and utensils are kept.
pants:Trousers.
panzer:A German armored vehicle, especially a tank used in World War II.
pap:Bland soft or semi-liquid food such as that suitable for babies or invalids.
papa:One's father.
papacy:The office or authority of the Pope.
papal:Relating to a pope or to the papacy.
paparazzi:A freelance photographer who pursues celebrities to get photographs of them.
papas:One's father.
papaw:another term for papaya
papaws:another term for papaya
papaya:A tropical fruit shaped like an elongated melon, with edible orange flesh and small black seeds.
paper:Apply wallpaper to (a wall or room)
paperback:A book bound in stiff paper or flexible cardboard.
paperbacks:A book bound in stiff paper or flexible card.
papered:Apply wallpaper to (a wall or room)
paperless:Relating to or involving the storage or communication of information in electronic form, rather than on paper.
papers:Apply wallpaper to (a wall or room)
paperweight:A small, heavy object for keeping loose papers in place.
paperwork:Routine work involving written documents such as forms, records, or letters.
papery:Thin and dry like paper.
papist:A Roman Catholic.
pappy:A child's word for father.
paprika:A powdered spice with a deep orange-red color and a mildly pungent flavor, made from the dried and ground fruits of certain varieties of pepper.
papua:A province of Indonesia comprising most of the western part of the island of New Guinea, with some offshore islands; capital, Jayapura.
papule:A small, raised, solid pimple or swelling, often forming part of a rash on the skin and typically inflamed but not producing pus.
papyrus:A material prepared in ancient Egypt from the pithy stem of a water plant, used in sheets throughout the ancient Mediterranean world for writing or painting on and also for making rope, sandals, and boats.
par:Play (a hole) in par.
parable:A simple story used to illustrate a moral or spiritual lesson, as told by Jesus in the Gospels.
parables:A simple story used to illustrate a moral or spiritual lesson, as told by Jesus in the Gospels.
parabola:A symmetrical open plane curve formed by the intersection of a cone with a plane parallel to its side. The path of a projectile under the influence of gravity ideally follows a curve of this shape.
parabolic:Of or like a parabola or part of one.
paracetamol:A synthetic compound used as a drug to relieve and reduce fever, usually taken in tablet form; acetaminophen.
parachute:Drop or cause to drop from an aircraft by parachute.
parachutes:Drop from an aircraft by parachute.
parachutist:A person who uses a parachute.
parade:Walk or march in public in a formal procession or in an ostentatious or attention-seeking way.
paraded:(of troops) assemble for a formal inspection or ceremonial occasion.
parades:(of troops) assemble for a formal inspection or ceremonial occasion.
paradigm:A typical example or pattern of something; a model.
paradigmatic:Serving as a typical example of something.
paradigms:A typical example or pattern of something; a pattern or model.
parading:(of troops) assemble for a formal inspection or ceremonial occasion.
paradise:(in some religions) heaven as the ultimate abode of the just.
paradox:A seemingly absurd or self-contradictory statement or proposition that when investigated or explained may prove to be well founded or true.
paradoxical:Seemingly absurd or self-contradictory.
paradoxically:In a seemingly absurd or self-contradictory way.
paraffin:A flammable, whitish, translucent, waxy solid consisting of a mixture of saturated hydrocarbons, obtained by distillation from petroleum or shale and used in candles, cosmetics, polishes, and sealing and waterproofing compounds.A colorless, flammable, oily liquid similarly obtained and used as fuel, especially kerosene.
paragon:A person or thing regarded as a perfect example of a particular quality.
paragons:A person or thing regarded as a perfect example of a particular quality.
paragraph:Arrange (a piece of writing) in paragraphs.
paragraphs:Arrange (a piece of writing) in paragraphs.
paraguay:A landlocked country in central South America; population 6,600,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Asunción; languages, Spanish (official) and Guarani.
parakeet:A small parrot with predominantly green plumage and a long tail.
paralinguistic:Relating to or denoting paralanguage or the nonlexical elements of communication by speech.
parallax:The effect whereby the position or direction of an object appears to differ when viewed from different positions, e.g. through the viewfinder and the lens of a camera.
parallel:(of something extending in a line) be side by side with (something extending in a line), always keeping the same distance.
paralleled:Be side by side with (something extending in a line), always keeping the same distance; run or lie parallel to.
parallelepiped:A solid body of which each face is a parallelogram.
parallelism:The state of being parallel or of corresponding in some way.
parallelogram:A four-sided plane rectilinear figure with opposite sides parallel.
parallels:Be side by side with (something extending in a line), always keeping the same distance; run or lie parallel to.
paralyse:Cause (a person or part of the body) to become partly or wholly incapable of movement.
paralysed:(of a person or part of the body) partly or wholly incapable of movement; disabled.
paralysis:The loss of the ability to move (and sometimes to feel anything) in part or most of the body, typically as a result of illness, poison, or injury.
paralytic:A person affected by paralysis.
paramagnetic:(of a substance or body) very weakly attracted by the poles of a magnet, but not retaining any permanent magnetism.
paramedic:A person trained to give emergency medical care to people who are injured or ill, typically in a setting outside of a hospital.
paramedical:Relating to services and professions that supplement and support medical work but do not require a fully qualified physician (such as nursing, radiography, emergency first aid, physical therapy, and dietetics).
paramedics:A person trained to give emergency medical care to people who are injured or ill, typically in a setting outside a hospital.
parameter:A numerical or other measurable factor forming one of a set that defines a system or sets the conditions of its operation.
parameters:A numerical or other measurable factor forming one of a set that defines a system or sets the conditions of its operation.
parametric:Relating to or expressed in terms of a parameter or parameters.
paramilitary:A member of a paramilitary organization.
paramount:More important than anything else; supreme.
paramour:A lover, especially the illicit partner of a married person.
paranoia:A mental condition characterized by delusions of persecution, unwarranted jealousy, or exaggerated self-importance, typically elaborated into an organized system. It may be an aspect of chronic personality disorder, of drug abuse, or of a serious condition such as schizophrenia in which the person loses touch with reality.
paranoid:A person who is paranoid.
paranormal:Denoting events or phenomena such as telekinesis or clairvoyance that are beyond the scope of normal scientific understanding.
parapet:A low protective wall along the edge of a roof, bridge, or balcony.
paraphernalia:Miscellaneous articles, especially the equipment needed for a particular activity.
paraphrase:Express the meaning of (the writer or speaker or something written or spoken) using different words, especially to achieve greater clarity.
paraplegic:A person affected by paralysis of the legs and lower body.
parapsychology:The study of mental phenomena which are excluded from or inexplicable by orthodox scientific psychology (such as hypnosis, telepathy, etc.).
parasite:An organism that lives in or on an organism of another species (its host) and benefits by deriving nutrients at the other's expense.
parasites:An organism that lives in or on an organism of another species (its host) and benefits by deriving nutrients at the other's expense.
parasitic:(of an organism) living as a parasite.
parasitism:The practice of living as a parasite in or on another organism.
parasitology:The branch of biology or medicine concerned with the study of parasitic organisms.
parasol:A light umbrella used to give shade from the sun.
paratrooper:A member of a paratroop regiment or airborne unit.
paratroops:Troops equipped to be dropped by parachute from aircraft.
parcel:Make (something) into a parcel by wrapping it.
parcels:Make (something) into a parcel by wrapping it.
parch:Make or become dry through intense heat.
parched:Dried out with heat.
parchment:A stiff, flat, thin material made from the prepared skin of an animal and used as a durable writing surface in ancient and medieval times.
parchments:A stiff, flat, thin material made from the prepared skin of an animal, usually a sheep or goat, and used as a durable writing surface in ancient and medieval times.
pardon:Forgive or excuse (a person, error, or offense)
pardonable:Able to be forgiven; excusable.
pardoned:Forgive or excuse (a person, error, or offence)
pardoning:Forgive or excuse (a person, error, or offence)
pare:Trim (something) by cutting away its outer edges.
pared:Trim (something) by cutting away its outer edges.
parent:Be or act as a parent to (a child)
parentage:The identity and origins of one's parents.
parental:A person's parents.
parented:Be or act as a parent to (a child)
parenteral:Administered or occurring elsewhere in the body than the mouth and alimentary canal.
parentheses:A word or phrase inserted as an explanation or afterthought into a passage which is grammatically complete without it, in writing usually marked off by brackets, dashes, or commas.
parenthesis:A word, clause, or sentence inserted as an explanation or afterthought into a passage that is grammatically complete without it, in writing usually marked off by curved brackets, dashes, or commas.
parenthetical:Relating to or inserted as a parenthesis.
parenthood:The state of being a parent and the responsibilities involved.
parenting:The activity of bringing up a child as a parent.
parents:Be or act as a parent to (a child)
pares:Trim (something) by cutting away its outer edges.
parfait:A dessert consisting of layers of ice cream, fruit, etc., served in a tall glass.
pariah:An outcast.
parietal:A parietal structure.
paring:Trim (something) by cutting away its outer edges.
paris:The capital of France, on the Seine River; population 2,203,817 (2006). Paris was held by the Romans, who called it Lutetia, and by the Franks, and was established as the capital in 987 under Hugh Capet. It was organized into three parts—the Île de la Cité (an island in the Seine), the Right Bank, and the Left Bank—during the reign of Philippe-Auguste 1180–1223. The city's neoclassical architecture dates from the modernization of the Napoleonic era, which continued under Napoleon III, when the bridges and boulevards of the modern city were built.
parish:(in the Christian Church) a small administrative district typically having its own church and a priest or pastor.
parishes:(in the Christian Church) a small administrative district typically having its own church and a priest or pastor.
parishioner:An inhabitant of a parish, especially one who belongs to or attends a particular church.
parishioners:An inhabitant of a particular church parish, especially one who is a regular churchgoer.
parisian:A native or inhabitant of Paris.
parity:The state or condition of being equal, especially regarding status or pay.
park:Bring (a vehicle that one is driving) to a halt and leave it temporarily, typically in a parking lot or by the side of the road.
parka:A large windproof jacket with a hood, designed to be worn in cold weather.
parkas:A large windproof jacket with a hood, designed to be worn in cold weather.
parked:Bring (a vehicle that one is driving) to a halt and leave it temporarily, typically in a car park or by the side of the road.
parking:Bring (a vehicle that one is driving) to a halt and leave it temporarily, typically in a car park or by the side of the road.
parks:Bring (a vehicle that one is driving) to a halt and leave it temporarily, typically in a car park or by the side of the road.
parlance:A particular way of speaking or using words, especially a way common to those with a particular job or interest.
parley:A conference between opposing sides in a dispute, especially a discussion of terms for an armistice.
parleying:Hold a conference with the opposing side to discuss terms.
parliament:(in the UK) the highest legislature, consisting of the sovereign, the House of Lords, and the House of Commons.
parliamentarian:A member of a parliament, especially one well versed in parliamentary procedure and experienced in debate.
parliamentarians:A member of a parliament, especially one well versed in its procedure and experienced in debate.
parliamentary:Relating to, enacted by, or suitable for a parliament.
parlour:A sitting room in a private house.
parlourmaid:A maid employed to wait at table.
parlours:A sitting room in a private house.
parlous:Greatly or excessively.
parochial:Relating to a church parish.
parochialism:A limited or narrow outlook, especially focused on a local area; narrow-mindedness.
parodied:Produce a humorously exaggerated imitation of (a writer, artist, or genre)
parody:Produce a humorously exaggerated imitation of (a writer, artist, or genre)
parodying:Produce a humorously exaggerated imitation of (a writer, artist, or genre)
parole:Release (a prisoner) on parole.
paroxysm:A sudden attack or violent expression of a particular emotion or activity.
paroxysms:A sudden attack or outburst of a particular emotion or activity.
parquet:Flooring composed of wooden blocks arranged in a geometric pattern.
parried:Ward off (a weapon or attack) with a countermove.
parries:Ward off (a weapon or attack) with a countermove.
parrot:Repeat mechanically.
parroting:Repeat mechanically.
parrots:Repeat mechanically.
parry:Ward off (a weapon or attack) with a countermove.
parrying:Ward off (a weapon or attack) with a countermove.
parse:Analyze (a sentence) into its parts and describe their syntactic roles.
parsec:A unit of distance used in astronomy, equal to about 3.26 light years (3.086 × 10¹³ kilometers). One parsec corresponds to the distance at which the mean radius of the earth's orbit subtends an angle of one second of arc.
parsecs:A unit of distance used in astronomy, equal to about 3.26 light years (3.086 × 10¹³ kilometres). One parsec corresponds to the distance at which the mean radius of the earth's orbit subtends an angle of one second of arc.
parsed:Resolve (a sentence) into its component parts and describe their syntactic roles.
parser:A program for parsing.
parsers:A program for parsing.
parses:Resolve (a sentence) into its component parts and describe their syntactic roles.
parsimonious:Unwilling to spend money or use resources; stingy or frugal.
parsimony:Extreme unwillingness to spend money or use resources.
parsing:Resolve (a sentence) into its component parts and describe their syntactic roles.
parsley:A biennial plant with white flowers and aromatic leaves that are either crinkly or flat and used as a culinary herb and for garnishing food.
parsnip:A long tapering cream-colored root with a sweet flavor.
parsnips:A long tapering cream-coloured root vegetable with a sweet flavour.
parson:A beneficed member of the clergy; a rector or a vicar.
parsonage:A church house provided for a member of the clergy.
parsons:A beneficed member of the clergy; a rector or a vicar.
part:To some extent; partly (often used to contrast different parts of something)
partake:Eat or drink (something)
partaken:Eat or drink (something)
partaker:A person who consumes or indulges in something.
partakers:A person who consumes or indulges in something.
partakes:Eat or drink (something)
partaking:Eat or drink (something)
parted:(of two things) move away from each other.
parthenogenesis:Reproduction from an ovum without fertilization, especially as a normal process in some invertebrates and lower plants.
partial:A component of a musical sound; an overtone or harmonic.
partiality:Unfair bias in favor of one thing or person compared with another; favoritism.
partially:Only in part; to a limited extent.
participant:A person who takes part in something.
participants:A person who takes part in something.
participate:Take part in an action or endeavour.
participated:Take part in an action or endeavour.
participates:Take part in an action or endeavour.
participating:Take part in an action or endeavour.
participation:The action of taking part in something.
participatory:Involving or characterized by participation.
participle:A word formed from a verb (e.g., going, gone, being, been) and used as an adjective (e.g., working woman, burned toast) or a noun (e.g., good breeding). In English, participles are also used to make compound verb forms (e.g., is going, has been).
participles:A word formed from a verb (e.g. going, gone, being, been) and used as an adjective (e.g. working woman, burnt toast) or a noun (e.g. good breeding). In English participles are also used to make compound verb forms (e.g. is going, has been).
particle:A minute portion of matter.
particles:A minute portion of matter.
particular:An individual item, as contrasted with a universal quality.
particularise:Treat individually or in detail.
particularised:Treat individually or in detail.
particularism:Exclusive attachment to one's own group, party, or nation.
particularity:The quality of being individual.
particularly:To a higher degree than is usual or average.
particulars:A detail.
particulate:Matter in particulate form.
particulates:Matter in the form of minute separate particles.
parties:Enjoy oneself at a party or other lively gathering, typically with drinking and music.
parting:The action of leaving or being separated from someone.
partings:The action of leaving or being separated from someone.
partisan:A strong supporter of a party, cause, or person.
partisans:A strong supporter of a party, cause, or person.
partisanship:Prejudice in favor of a particular cause; bias.
partition:Divide into parts.
partitioned:Divide into parts.
partitioning:Divide into parts.
partitions:Divide into parts.
partly:To some extent; not completely.
partner:Be the partner of.
partnered:Be the partner of.
partnering:Be the partner of.
partners:Be the partner of.
partnership:The state of being a partner or partners.
partnerships:The state of being a partner or partners.
partook:Eat or drink (something)
partridge:A short-tailed game bird with mainly brown plumage, native to Eurasia.
partridges:A short-tailed game bird with mainly brown plumage, found chiefly in Europe and Asia.
parts:(of two things) move away from each other.
party:A social gathering of invited guests, typically involving eating, drinking, and entertainment.
parvenu:A person of obscure origin who has gained wealth, influence, or celebrity.
pascal:The SI unit of pressure, equal to one newton per square meter (approximately 0.000145 pounds per square inch, or 9.9 × 10⁶ atmospheres).
pascals:The SI unit of pressure, equal to one newton per square metre (approximately 0.000145 pounds per square inch, or 9.9 × 10⁻⁶ atmospheres).
paschal:Relating to Easter.
pass:Move or cause to move in a specified direction.
passable:Just good enough to be acceptable; satisfactory.
passably:In a way that is just good enough.
passage:Subject (a strain of microorganisms or cells) to a passage.
passages:Subject (a strain of microorganisms or cells) to a passage.
passageway:A long, narrow way, typically having walls either side, that allows access between buildings or to different rooms within a building.
passageways:A long, narrow way, typically having walls either side, that allows access between buildings or to different rooms within a building.
passant:(of an animal) represented as walking, with the right front foot raised. The animal is depicted in profile facing the dexter (left) side with the tail raised, unless otherwise specified (e.g., as “passant guardant”).
passe:No longer fashionable; out of date.
passed:Move or cause to move in a specified direction.
passenger:A traveler on a public or private conveyance other than the driver, pilot, or crew.
passengers:A traveller on a public or private conveyance other than the driver, pilot, or crew.
passer:A person who gives or transfers something to someone else.
passers:A person who gives or transfers something to someone else.
passersby:A person who happens to be going past something, especially on foot.
passes:Move or cause to move in a specified direction.
passim:(of allusions or references in a published work) to be found at various places throughout the text.
passing:The passage of something, especially time.
passion:Strong and barely controllable emotion.
passionate:Showing or caused by strong feelings or a strong belief.
passionately:In a way that shows strong feelings or beliefs.
passionless:Lacking strong emotion; unemotional.
passions:Strong and barely controllable emotion.
passivated:Make (a metal or other substance) unreactive by altering the surface layer or coating the surface with a thin inert layer.
passive:A passive form of a verb.
passively:In an accepting manner, without active response or resistance.
passives:A passive form of a verb.
passivity:Acceptance of what happens, without active response or resistance.
passover:The major Jewish spring festival which commemorates the liberation of the Israelites from Egyptian slavery, lasting seven or eight days from the 15th day of Nisan.
passport:An official document issued by a government, certifying the holder's identity and citizenship and entitling them to travel under its protection to and from foreign countries.
passports:An official document issued by a government, certifying the holder's identity and citizenship and entitling them to travel under its protection to and from foreign countries.
password:A secret word or phrase that must be used to gain admission to something.
passwords:A secret word or phrase that must be used to gain admission to a place.
past:To or on the further side of.
pasta:A dish originally from Italy consisting of dough made from durum wheat and water, extruded or stamped into various shapes and typically cooked in boiling water.
pastas:A dish originally from Italy consisting of dough made from durum wheat and water, extruded or stamped into various shapes and typically cooked in boiling water.
paste:Coat with paste.
pasteboard:A type of thin board made by pasting together sheets of paper.
pasted:Coat with paste.
pastel:A crayon made of powdered pigments bound with gum or resin.
pastels:A crayon made of powdered pigments bound with gum or resin.
pastes:Coat with paste.
pasteurisation:The partial sterilization of a product, such as milk or wine, to make it safe for consumption and improve its keeping quality.
pasteurised:(of milk, wine, or other products) subjected to a process of partial sterilization, especially one involving heat treatment or irradiation, to make the product safe for consumption and improve its keeping quality.
pastiche:Imitate the style of (an artist or work)
pastiches:Imitate the style of (an artist or work)
pasties:A folded pastry case with a savoury filling, typically of seasoned meat and vegetables.
pastille:A small candy or lozenge.
pastime:An activity that someone does regularly for enjoyment rather than work; a hobby.
pastimes:An activity that someone does regularly for enjoyment rather than work; a hobby.
pasting:A severe beating or defeat.
pastis:An aniseed-flavored aperitif.
pastor:Be pastor of (a church or congregation)
pastoral:A work of literature portraying an idealized version of country life.
pastors:Be pastor of (a church or congregation)
pastrami:Highly seasoned smoked beef, typically served in thin slices.
pastry:A dough of flour, shortening, and water, used as a base and covering in baked dishes such as pies.
pasts:To or on the further side of.
pasture:Put (animals) in a pasture to graze.
pastured:Put (animals) to graze in a pasture.
pastureland:Land used as pasture.
pastures:Put (animals) to graze in a pasture.
pasturing:Put (animals) to graze in a pasture.
pasty:A folded pastry case with a savoury filling, typically of seasoned meat and vegetables.
pat:Touch quickly and gently with the flat of the hand.
patch:Mend or strengthen (fabric or an item of clothing) by putting a piece of material over a hole or weak point in it.
patchable:Capable of being repaired or strengthened with a patch.
patched:Mend or strengthen (fabric or clothing) with a patch.
patches:Mend or strengthen (fabric or clothing) with a patch.
patchier:Existing or happening in small, isolated areas.
patchiest:Existing or happening in small, isolated areas.
patching:Mend or strengthen (fabric or clothing) with a patch.
patchwork:Needlework in which small pieces of cloth in different designs, colors, or textures are sewn together.
patchy:Existing or happening in small, isolated areas.
pate:A person's head.
patella:The kneecap.
paten:A plate, typically made of gold or silver, used for holding the bread during the Eucharist and sometimes as a cover for the chalice.
patent:Obtain a patent for (an invention)
patented:Obtain a patent for (an invention)
patentee:A person or organization that obtains or holds a patent for something.
patenting:Obtain a patent for (an invention)
patently:Clearly; without doubt.
patents:Obtain a patent for (an invention)
pater:Father.
paternal:Of or appropriate to a father.
paternalism:The policy or practice on the part of people in positions of authority of restricting the freedom and responsibilities of those subordinate to them in the subordinates' supposed best interest.
paternalistic:Relating to or characterized by the restriction of the freedom and responsibilities of subordinates or dependents in their supposed interest.
paternity:(especially in legal contexts) the state of being someone's father.
pates:A person's head.
path:A way or track laid down for walking or made by continual treading.
pathetic:Arousing pity, especially through vulnerability or sadness.
pathetically:In a way that arouses pity, especially by displaying vulnerability or sadness.
pathfinder:A person who goes ahead and discovers or shows others a path or way.
pathfinders:A person who goes ahead and discovers or shows others a path or way.
pathogen:A bacterium, virus, or other microorganism that can cause disease.
pathogenesis:The manner of development of a disease.
pathogenic:(of a bacterium, virus, or other microorganism) causing disease.
pathogens:A bacterium, virus, or other microorganism that can cause disease.
pathological:Relating to pathology.
pathologically:In a way that relates to pathology or disease.
pathologist:A scientist who studies the causes and effects of diseases, especially one who examines laboratory samples of body tissue for diagnostic or forensic purposes.
pathologists:A scientist who studies the causes and effects of diseases, especially one who examines laboratory samples of body tissue for diagnostic or forensic purposes.
pathology:The science of the causes and effects of diseases, especially the branch of medicine that deals with the laboratory examination of samples of body tissue for diagnostic or forensic purposes.
pathos:A quality that evokes pity or sadness.
paths:A way or track laid down for walking or made by continual treading.
pathway:A way that constitutes or serves as a path.
pathways:A track that constitutes or serves as a path.
patience:The capacity to accept or tolerate delay, trouble, or suffering without getting angry or upset.
patient:A person receiving or registered to receive medical treatment.
patiently:In a way that shows tolerance of delays, problems, or suffering without becoming annoyed or anxious.
patients:A person receiving or registered to receive medical treatment.
patina:A green or brown film on the surface of bronze or similar metals, produced by oxidation over a long period.
patination:The production by oxidation of a green or brown film on the surface of bronze or similar metals.
patio:A paved outdoor area adjoining a house.
patisserie:A shop where French pastries and cakes are sold.
patois:The dialect of the common people of a region, differing in various respects from the standard language of the rest of the country.
patriarch:The male head of a family or tribe.
patriarchal:Relating to or characteristic of a patriarch.
patriarchs:The male head of a family or tribe.
patriarchy:A system of society or government in which the father or eldest male is head of the family and descent is traced through the male line.
patrician:An aristocrat or nobleman.
patricians:An aristocrat or nobleman.
patrilineal:Relating to or based on relationship to the father or descent through the male line.
patrimony:Property inherited from one's father or male ancestor.
patriot:A person who vigorously supports their country and is prepared to defend it against enemies or detractors.
patriotic:Having or expressing devotion to and vigorous support for one's country.
patriotism:The quality of being patriotic; devotion to and vigorous support for one's country.
patriots:A person who vigorously supports their country and is prepared to defend it against enemies or detractors.
patrol:Keep watch over (an area) by regularly walking or traveling around or through it.
patrolled:Keep watch over (an area) by regularly walking or travelling around it.
patrolling:Keep watch over (an area) by regularly walking or travelling around it.
patrols:Keep watch over (an area) by regularly walking or travelling around it.
patron:A person who gives financial or other support to a person, organization, cause, or activity.
patronage:The support given by a patron.
patroness:A female patron.
patronesses:A female patron.
patronise:Treat in a way that is apparently kind or helpful but that betrays a feeling of superiority.
patronising:Apparently kind or helpful but betraying a feeling of superiority; condescending.
patrons:A person who gives financial or other support to a person, organization, or cause.
pats:Touch quickly and gently with the flat of the hand.
patted:Touch quickly and gently with the flat of the hand.
patten:A shoe or clog with a raised sole or set on an iron ring, worn to raise one's feet above wet or muddy ground when walking outdoors.
pattens:A shoe or clog with a raised sole or set on an iron ring, worn to raise one's feet above wet or muddy ground when walking outdoors.
patter:Make a repeated light tapping sound.
pattered:Make a repeated light tapping sound.
pattering:Make a repeated light tapping sound.
pattern:Decorate with a repeated design.
patterned:Decorated with a repeated design; having a pattern or patterns.
patterning:Decorate with a repeated design.
patternless:Having no pattern; plain and undecorated.
patterns:Decorate with a repeated design.
patters:Make a repeated light tapping sound.
patties:A small flat cake of minced or finely chopped food, especially meat.
patting:Touch quickly and gently with the flat of the hand.
paucity:The presence of something only in small or insufficient quantities or amounts; scarcity.
paunch:A large or protruding abdomen or stomach.
paunchy:Having a large or protruding belly.
pauper:A very poor person.
paupers:A very poor person.
pause:Interrupt action or speech briefly.
paused:Interrupt action or speech briefly.
pauses:Interrupt action or speech briefly.
pausing:Interrupt action or speech briefly.
pave:Cover (a piece of ground) with concrete, asphalt, stones, or bricks; lay paving over.
paved:(of a piece of ground) covered with concrete, asphalt, stones, or bricks.
pavement:Any paved area or surface.
pavements:A raised paved or asphalted path for pedestrians at the side of a road.
paves:Cover (a piece of ground) with flat stones or bricks; lay paving over.
pavilion:A summerhouse or other decorative building used as a shelter in a park or large garden.
pavilions:A building at a cricket ground or other sports ground, used for changing and taking refreshments.
paving:Pavement.
paw:(of an animal) feel or scrape with a paw or hoof.
pawed:(of an animal) feel or scrape with a paw or hoof.
pawing:(of an animal) feel or scrape with a paw or hoof.
pawn:A chess piece of the smallest size and value. A pawn moves one square forward along its file if unobstructed (or two on the first move), or one square diagonally forward when making a capture. Each player begins with eight pawns on the second rank, and can promote a pawn to become any other piece (typically a queen) if it reaches the opponent's end of the board.
pawnbroker:A person who lends money at interest on the security of an article pawned.
pawnbrokers:A person who lends money at interest on the security of an article pawned.
pawned:A chess piece of the smallest size and value, that moves one square forwards along its file if unobstructed (or two on the first move), or one square diagonally forwards when making a capture. Each player begins with eight pawns on the second rank, and can promote a pawn to become any other piece (typically a queen) if it reaches the opponent's end of the board.
pawning:A chess piece of the smallest size and value, that moves one square forwards along its file if unobstructed (or two on the first move), or one square diagonally forwards when making a capture. Each player begins with eight pawns on the second rank, and can promote a pawn to become any other piece (typically a queen) if it reaches the opponent's end of the board.
pawns:A chess piece of the smallest size and value, that moves one square forwards along its file if unobstructed (or two on the first move), or one square diagonally forwards when making a capture. Each player begins with eight pawns on the second rank, and can promote a pawn to become any other piece (typically a queen) if it reaches the opponent's end of the board.
pawnshop:A pawnbroker's shop, especially one where unredeemed items are sold to the public.
pawnshops:A pawnbroker's shop.
pawpaw:another term for papaya
pawpaws:another term for papaya
paws:(of an animal) feel or scrape with a paw or hoof.
pay:Give (someone) money that is due for work done, goods received, or a debt incurred.
payable:Debts owed by a business; liabilities.
payback:Financial return or reward, especially profit equal to the initial outlay of an investment.
payday:A day on which someone is paid or expects to be paid their wages.
paydays:A day on which someone is paid their wages.
payed:Give (someone) money that is due for work done, goods received, or a debt incurred.
payee:A person to whom money is paid or is to be paid, especially the person to whom a check is made payable.
payees:A person to whom money is paid or is to be paid, especially the person to whom a cheque is made payable.
payer:A person or organization that gives someone money that is due for work done, goods received, or a debt incurred.
payers:A person or organization that gives someone money that is due for work done, goods received, or a debt incurred.
paying:Give (someone) money that is due for work done, goods received, or a debt incurred.
payload:The part of a vehicle's load, especially an aircraft's, from which revenue is derived; passengers and cargo.
payloads:The part of a vehicle's load, especially an aircraft's, from which revenue is derived; passengers and cargo.
paymaster:An official who pays troops or workers.
paymasters:A person or organization that pays another to do something and therefore controls them.
payment:The action or process of paying someone or something or of being paid.
payments:The action or process of paying someone or something or of being paid.
payphone:A public telephone that is operated by coins or by a credit or prepaid card.
payphones:A public telephone that is operated by coins or by a credit or prepaid card.
payroll:A list of a company's employees and the amount of money they are to be paid.
payrolls:A list of a company's employees and the amount of money they are to be paid.
pays:Give (someone) money that is due for work done, goods received, or a debt incurred.
payslips:A note given to an employee when they have been paid, detailing the amount of pay given, and the tax and insurance deducted.
pea:A spherical green seed that is eaten as a vegetable or as a pulse when dried.
peace:Freedom from disturbance; tranquility.
peaceable:Inclined to avoid argument or violent conflict.
peaceful:Free from disturbance; tranquil.
peacefully:Without disturbance; tranquilly.
peacekeeping:Active work to stop or prevent conflict between nations or communities, especially by an international military force.
peacemaker:A person who brings about peace, especially by reconciling adversaries.
peacemakers:A person who brings about peace, especially by reconciling adversaries.
peacemaking:The process of bringing about peace, especially by reconciling adversaries.
peacetime:A period when a country is not at war.
peach:A round stone fruit with juicy yellow flesh and downy pinkish-yellow skin.
peaches:A round stone fruit with juicy yellow flesh and downy pinkish-yellow skin.
peachier:Of the nature or appearance of a peach.
peachiest:Of the nature or appearance of a peach.
peachy:Of the nature or appearance of a peach.
peacock:A male peafowl, which has very long tail feathers that have eye-like markings and can be erected and fanned out in display.
peacocks:A male peafowl, which has very long tail feathers that have eye-like markings and can be erected and fanned out in display.
peafowl:A large crested pheasant native to Asia.
peahens:A female peafowl, which has drabber colours and a shorter tail than the male.
peak:Reach a highest point, either of a specified value or at a specified time.
peaked:Having a peak.
peaking:Reach a highest point, either of a specified value or at a specified time.
peaks:Reach a highest point, either of a specified value or at a specified time.
peaky:Pale from illness or fatigue; sickly.
peal:A loud ringing of a bell or bells.
pealed:(of a bell or bells) ring loudly or in a peal.
pealing:(of a bell or bells) ring loudly or in a peal.
peals:(of a bell or bells) ring loudly or in a peal.
peanut:The oval seed of a South American plant, widely roasted and salted and eaten as a snack.
peanuts:The oval seed of a tropical South American plant, often roasted and salted and eaten as a snack or used to make oil or animal feed.
pear:A yellowish- or brownish-green edible fruit that is typically narrow at the stalk and wider toward the base, with sweet, slightly gritty flesh.
pearl:A hard, lustrous spherical mass, typically white or bluish-gray, formed within the shell of a pearl oyster or other bivalve mollusk and highly prized as a gem.
pearls:Form drops resembling pearls.
pearly:Resembling a pearl in luster or color.
pears:A yellowish- or brownish-green edible fruit that is typically narrow at the stalk and wider towards the base, with sweet, slightly gritty flesh.
peas:A spherical green seed that is eaten as a vegetable or as a pulse when dried.
peasant:A poor farmer of low social status who owns or rents a small piece of land for cultivation (chiefly in historical use or with reference to subsistence farming in poorer countries)
peasantry:Smallholders and agricultural laborers of low social status (chiefly in historical use or with reference to subsistence farming in poorer countries)
peasants:A poor smallholder or agricultural labourer of low social status (chiefly in historical use or with reference to subsistence farming in poorer countries)
peat:A brown deposit resembling soil, formed by the partial decomposition of vegetable matter in the wet acidic conditions of bogs and fens, and often cut out and dried for use as fuel and in gardening.
peatland:Land consisting largely of peat or peat bogs.
peatlands:Land consisting largely of peat or peat bogs.
pebble:A small stone made smooth and round by the action of water or sand.
pebbles:A small stone made smooth and round by the action of water or sand.
pecan:A smooth brown nut with an edible kernel similar to a walnut.
peccary:A gregarious piglike mammal that is found from the southwestern US to Paraguay.
peck:(of a bird) strike or bite something with its beak.
pecked:(of a bird) strike or bite something with its beak.
pecker:A penis.
peckers:A man's penis.
pecking:(of a bird) strike or bite something with its beak.
peckish:Hungry.
pecks:(of a bird) strike or bite something with its beak.
pectin:A soluble gelatinous polysaccharide that is present in ripe fruits and is extracted for use as a setting agent in jams and jellies.
pectoral:A pectoral muscle.
pectorals:A pectoral muscle.
peculiar:A parish or church exempt from the jurisdiction of the diocese in which it lies, through being subject to the jurisdiction of the monarch or an archbishop.
peculiarities:A strange or unusual feature or habit.
peculiarity:An odd or unusual feature or habit.
peculiarly:More than usually; especially.
pecuniary:Relating to or consisting of money.
pedagogic:Relating to teaching.
pedagogical:Relating to teaching.
pedagogue:A teacher, especially a strict or pedantic one.
pedagogy:The method and practice of teaching, especially as an academic subject or theoretical concept.
pedal:Move by working the pedals of a bicycle.
pedalled:Move by working the pedals of a bicycle.
pedalling:The action of working the pedals of a bicycle.
pedals:Move by working the pedals of a bicycle.
pedant:A person who is excessively concerned with minor details and rules or with displaying academic learning.
pedantic:Of or like a pedant.
pedantry:Excessive concern with minor details and rules.
pedants:A person who is excessively concerned with minor details and rules or with displaying academic learning.
peddle:Try to sell (something, especially small goods) by going from house to house or place to place.
peddled:Try to sell (something, especially small goods) by going from place to place.
peddler:A person who sells illegal drugs or stolen goods.
peddlers:A person who sells illegal drugs or stolen goods.
peddles:Try to sell (something, especially small goods) by going from place to place.
peddling:The activity of selling an illegal drug or stolen item.
pederasts:A man who engages in sexual activity with a boy or youth.
pedestal:Set or support on a pedestal.
pedestals:Set or support on a pedestal.
pedestrian:A person walking along a road or in a developed area.
pedestrianised:Close (a street or area) to traffic, making it accessible only to pedestrians.
pedestrians:A person walking rather than travelling in a vehicle.
pedigree:The record of descent of an animal, showing it to be purebred.
pedigrees:The record of descent of an animal, showing it to be pure-bred.
pediment:The triangular upper part of the front of a building in classical style, typically surmounting a portico of columns.
pediments:The triangular upper part of the front of a classical building, typically surmounting a portico.
pedlar:variant spelling of peddler
pedlars:A person who sells illegal drugs or stolen goods.
pedology:The branch of science concerned with the formation, nature, ecology, and classification of soil; soil science.
peek:Look quickly, typically in a furtive manner.
peeked:Look quickly or furtively.
peeking:Look quickly or furtively.
peeks:Look quickly or furtively.
peel:Remove the outer covering or skin from (a fruit or vegetable)
peeled:Remove the outer covering or skin from (a fruit or vegetable)
peeler:A device for removing the skin from fruit and vegetables.
peelers:A knife or device for removing the skin from fruit and vegetables.
peeling:Remove the outer covering or skin from (a fruit or vegetable)
peelings:Strips of the outer skin of a vegetable or fruit.
peels:Strips of the outer skin of a vegetable or fruit.
peep:Look quickly and furtively at something, especially through a narrow opening.
peeped:Look quickly and furtively at something, especially through a narrow opening.
peeper:A person who peeps at someone or something, especially in a voyeuristic way.
peepers:A person who peeps at someone or something, especially in a voyeuristic way.
peephole:A small hole that may be looked through, especially one in a door through which visitors may be identified before the door is opened.
peeping:Look quickly and furtively at something, especially through a narrow opening.
peeps:People (often used to refer to a person's friends or associates)
peer:Look keenly or with difficulty at someone or something.
peerage:The title and rank of peer or peeress.
peerages:The title and rank of peer or peeress.
peered:Look with difficulty or concentration at someone or something.
peering:The exchange of data directly between internet service providers, rather than via the internet.
peerless:Unequaled; unrivaled.
peers:Look with difficulty or concentration at someone or something.
peevish:Easily irritated, especially by unimportant things.
peg:Fix or make fast with a peg or pegs.
pegasus:A winged horse that sprang from the blood of Medusa when Perseus cut off her head.
pegging:Fix, secure, or mark with a peg or pegs.
pegs:Fix, secure, or mark with a peg or pegs.
pejorative:A word expressing contempt or disapproval.
pejoratives:A word expressing contempt or disapproval.
pele:(born 1940), Brazilian soccer player; born Edson Arantes do Nascimento. Regarded as one of the greatest goal-scorers of all time, he played for the New York Cosmos 1975–77 and is credited with over 1,200 goals in first-class soccer.
pelican:A large gregarious waterbird with a long bill, an extensible throat pouch for scooping up fish, and mainly white or gray plumage.
pelicans:A large gregarious waterbird with a long bill, an extensible throat pouch for scooping up fish, and mainly white or grey plumage.
pellet:Form or shape (a substance, especially animal food) into pellets.
pellets:Form (a substance) into pellets.
pelmet:A narrow border of cloth or wood, fitted across the top of a door or window to conceal the curtain fittings.
pelmets:A narrow border of cloth or wood, fitted across the top of a door or window to conceal the curtain fittings.
pelt:Attack (someone) by repeatedly hurling things at them.
pelted:Hurl missiles repeatedly at.
pelting:Hurl missiles repeatedly at.
pelts:Hurl missiles repeatedly at.
pelvic:Relating to or situated within the bony pelvis.
pelvis:The large bony structure near the base of the spine to which the hind limbs or legs are attached in humans and many other vertebrates.
pelvises:The large bony frame near the base of the spine to which the hindlimbs or legs are attached in humans and many other vertebrates.
pen:Write or compose.
penal:Relating to, used for, or prescribing the punishment of offenders under the legal system.
penalise:Subject to a penalty or punishment.
penalised:Subject to a penalty or punishment.
penalises:Subject to a penalty or punishment.
penalising:Subject to a penalty or punishment.
penalties:A punishment imposed for breaking a law, rule, or contract.
penalty:A punishment imposed for breaking a law, rule, or contract.
penance:Impose a penance on.
penances:Impose a penance on.
penchant:A strong or habitual liking for something or tendency to do something.
pencil:Write, draw, or color with a pencil.
pencilled:Written, drawn, or coloured with a pencil.
pencilling:Write, draw, or colour with a pencil.
pencils:Write, draw, or colour with a pencil.
pendant:A piece of jewelry that hangs from a chain worn around the neck.
pendants:A piece of jewellery that hangs from a chain worn round the neck.
pending:Until (something) happens or takes place.
pendulous:Hanging down loosely.
pendulum:A weight hung from a fixed point so that it can swing freely backward and forward, especially a rod with a weight at the end that regulates the mechanism of a clock.
pendulums:A weight hung from a fixed point so that it can swing freely, especially a rod with a weight at the end that regulates the mechanism of a clock.
penetrable:Allowing things to pass through; permeable.
penetrate:Succeed in forcing a way into or through (a thing)
penetrated:Go into or through (something), especially with force or effort.
penetrates:Go into or through (something), especially with force or effort.
penetrating:Able to make a way through or into something.
penetration:The action or process of making a way through or into something.
penetrations:The action or process of penetrating something.
penetrative:Able to make a way into or through something.
penguin:A large flightless seabird of the southern hemisphere, with black upper parts and white underparts and wings developed into flippers for swimming under water.
penguins:A large flightless seabird of the southern hemisphere, with black upper parts and white underparts and wings developed into flippers for swimming under water.
penicillin:An antibiotic or group of antibiotics produced naturally by certain blue molds, and now usually prepared synthetically.
penile:Relating to or affecting the penis.
peninsula:A piece of land almost surrounded by water or projecting out into a body of water.
peninsular:Denoting or relating to an area of land almost surrounded by water or projecting out into a body of water.
peninsulas:A piece of land almost surrounded by water or projecting out into a body of water.
penitence:The action of feeling or showing sorrow and regret for having done wrong; repentance.
penitent:A person who repents their sins or wrongdoings and (in the Christian Church) seeks forgiveness from God.
penitential:Relating to or expressing penitence or penance.
penitentiary:A prison for people convicted of serious crimes.
penitents:A person who repents their sins and (in the Christian Church) seeks forgiveness from God.
penknife:A small pocketknife with a blade that folds into the handle.
pennant:A tapering flag on a ship, especially one flown at the masthead of a vessel in commission.
pennants:A tapering flag on a ship, especially one flown at the masthead of a vessel in commission.
penned:Write or compose.
pennies:A British bronze coin and monetary unit equal to one hundredth of a pound.A former British coin and monetary unit equal to one twelfth of a shilling and 240th of a pound.A one-cent coin.(in biblical use) a denarius.
penniless:(of a person) having no money; very poor.
penning:Write or compose.
penny:A one-cent coin equal to one hundredth of a dollar.
penology:The study of the punishment of crime and of prison management.
pens:Write or compose.
pension:Dismiss someone from employment, typically because of age or ill health, and pay them a pension.
pensionable:Entitling to or qualifying for a pension.
pensioned:Dismiss someone from employment, typically because of age or ill health, and pay them a pension.
pensioner:A person who receives a pension.
pensioners:A person who receives a pension, especially the retirement pension.
pensioning:Dismiss someone from employment, typically because of age or ill health, and pay them a pension.
pensions:Dismiss someone from employment, typically because of age or ill health, and pay them a pension.
pensive:Engaged in, involving, or reflecting deep or serious thought.
pentagon:A plane figure with five straight sides and five angles.
pentagons:A plane figure with five straight sides and five angles.
pentagram:A five-pointed star that is formed by drawing a continuous line in five straight segments, often used as a mystic and magical symbol.
pentagrams:A five-pointed star that is formed by drawing a continuous line in five straight segments, often used as a mystic and magical symbol.
pentameter:A line of verse consisting of five metrical feet, or (in Greek and Latin verse) of two halves each of two feet and a long syllable.
pentameters:A line of verse consisting of five metrical feet, or (in Greek and Latin verse) of two halves each of two feet and a long syllable.
pentasyllabic:Consisting of five syllables.
pentathlete:An athlete who takes part in a pentathlon.
pentathlon:An athletic event comprising five different events for each competitor, in particular (also modern pentathlon) a men's event involving fencing, shooting, swimming, riding, and cross-country running.
pentatonic:Relating to, based on, or denoting a scale of five notes, especially one without semitones equivalent to an ordinary major scale with the fourth and seventh omitted.
pentecostal:A member of a Pentecostal movement.
penthouse:An apartment on the top floor of a tall building, typically luxuriously fitted and offering fine views.
penultimate:Last but one in a series of things; second last.
penumbra:The partially shaded outer region of the shadow cast by an opaque object.
penurious:Extremely poor; poverty-stricken.
penury:Extreme poverty; destitution.
peonies:A herbaceous or shrubby plant of north temperate regions, which has long been cultivated for its showy flowers.
people:(of a particular group of people) inhabit (an area or place)
peopled:(of a group of people) inhabit (a place)
peoples:(of a group of people) inhabit (a place)
pep:Add liveliness or vigor to someone or something.
peperoni:Beef and pork sausage seasoned with pepper.
pepper:Sprinkle or season (food) with pepper.
peppercorn:The dried berry of a climbing vine, used whole as a spice or crushed or ground to make pepper.
peppercorns:The dried berry of a climbing vine, used whole as a spice or ground to make pepper.
peppered:(of food) sprinkled or seasoned with pepper.
peppering:Sprinkle or season (food) with pepper.
peppermint:The aromatic leaves of a plant of the mint family, or an essential oil obtained from them, used as a flavoring in food.
peppers:Sprinkle or season (food) with pepper.
peppery:Strongly flavored with pepper or other hot spices.
peps:Make someone or something more lively or interesting.
peptic:Relating to digestion, especially that in which pepsin is concerned.
peptide:A compound consisting of two or more amino acids linked in a chain, the carboxyl group of each acid being joined to the amino group of the next by a bond of the type OCNH.
peptides:A compound consisting of two or more amino acids linked in a chain, the carboxyl group of each acid being joined to the amino group of the next by a bond of the type OCNH.
per:For each (used with units to express a rate)
perambulate:Walk or travel through or around a place or area, especially for pleasure and in a leisurely way.
perambulated:Walk or travel through or round a place or area, especially for pleasure and in a leisurely way.
perambulating:Walk or travel through or round a place or area, especially for pleasure and in a leisurely way.
perambulator:A baby carriage; a pram.
perceive:Become aware or conscious of (something); come to realize or understand.
perceived:Become aware or conscious of (something); come to realize or understand.
perceives:Become aware or conscious of (something); come to realize or understand.
perceiving:Become aware or conscious of (something); come to realize or understand.
percent:By a specified amount in or for every hundred.
percentage:A rate, number, or amount in each hundred.
percentages:A rate, number, or amount in each hundred.
percentile:Each of the 100 equal groups into which a population can be divided according to the distribution of values of a particular variable.
percentiles:Each of the 100 equal groups into which a population can be divided according to the distribution of values of a particular variable.
percept:An object of perception; something that is perceived.
perceptible:(especially of a slight movement or change of state) able to be seen or noticed.
perception:The ability to see, hear, or become aware of something through the senses.
perceptions:The ability to see, hear, or become aware of something through the senses.
perceptive:Having or showing sensitive insight.
percepts:An object of perception; something that is perceived.
perceptual:Relating to the ability to interpret or become aware of something through the senses.
perch:(of a bird) alight or rest on something.
perchance:By some chance; perhaps.
perched:(of a bird) alight or rest on something.
perches:(of a bird) alight or rest on something.
perching:(of a bird) alight or rest on something.
perchlorate:A salt or ester of perchloric acid.
percipient:(especially in philosophy or with reference to psychic phenomena) a person who is able to perceive things.
percolate:(of a liquid or gas) filter gradually through a porous surface or substance.
percolated:(of coffee) prepared in a percolator.
percolates:(of a liquid or gas) filter gradually through a porous surface or substance.
percolating:(of a liquid or gas) filter gradually through a porous surface or substance.
percolator:A machine for making coffee, consisting of a pot in which boiling water is circulated through a small chamber that holds the ground beans.
percolators:A machine for making coffee, consisting of a pot in which boiling water is circulated through a small chamber that holds the ground beans.
percuss:Gently tap (a part of the body) with a finger or an instrument as part of a diagnosis.
percussion:Musical instruments played by striking with the hand or with a handheld or pedal-operated stick or beater, or by shaking, including drums, cymbals, xylophones, gongs, bells, and rattles.
percussionist:A player of a percussion instrument, especially in an orchestra.
percussive:Relating to or produced by percussion.
percutaneous:Made, done, or effected through the skin.
perdition:(in Christian theology) a state of eternal punishment and damnation into which a sinful and unpenitent person passes after death.
peregrinations:A journey, especially a long or meandering one.
peregrine:A powerful falcon found on most continents, breeding chiefly on mountains and coastal cliffs and much used for falconry.
peremptory:(especially of a person's manner or actions) insisting on immediate attention or obedience, especially in a brusquely imperious way.
perennial:A perennial plant.
perennially:In a way that continues for a long or apparently infinite time; permanently.
perennials:A perennial plant.
perestroika:(in the former Soviet Union) the policy or practice of restructuring or reforming the economic and political system. First proposed by Leonid Brezhnev in 1979 and actively promoted by Mikhail Gorbachev, perestroika originally referred to increased automation and labor efficiency, but came to entail greater awareness of economic markets and the ending of central planning.
perfect:Make (something) completely free from faults or defects, or as close to such a condition as possible.
perfected:Make (something) completely free from faults or defects; make as good as possible.
perfectibility:The capacity to be made completely free from faults or defects.
perfecting:Make (something) completely free from faults or defects; make as good as possible.
perfection:The condition, state, or quality of being free or as free as possible from all flaws or defects.
perfectionism:Refusal to accept any standard short of perfection.
perfectionist:A person who refuses to accept any standard short of perfection.
perfectionists:A person who refuses to accept any standard short of perfection.
perfectly:In a manner or way that could not be better.
perfects:Make (something) completely free from faults or defects; make as good as possible.
perfidious:Deceitful and untrustworthy.
perfidy:Deceitfulness; untrustworthiness.
perforate:Pierce and make a hole or holes in.
perforated:Pierced with a hole or holes.
perforation:A hole made by boring or piercing; an aperture passing through or into something.
perforations:A hole made by boring or piercing.
perforce:Used to express necessity or inevitability.
perform:Carry out, accomplish, or fulfill (an action, task, or function)
performance:An act of staging or presenting a play, concert, or other form of entertainment.
performances:An act of presenting a play, concert, or other form of entertainment.
performed:Carry out, accomplish, or fulfil (an action, task, or function)
performer:A person who entertains an audience.
performers:A person who entertains an audience.
performing:Carry out, accomplish, or fulfil (an action, task, or function)
performs:Carry out, accomplish, or fulfil (an action, task, or function)
perfume:Impart a pleasant smell to.
perfumed:Naturally having or producing a sweet, pleasant smell.
perfumery:The action or business of producing or selling perfumes.
perfumes:Give a pleasant smell to.
perfuming:Give a pleasant smell to.
perfunctory:(of an action or gesture) carried out with a minimum of effort or reflection.
perfused:Permeate or suffuse with a liquid, colour, or quality.
perfusion:The passage of blood, a blood substitute, or other fluid through the blood vessels or other natural channels in an organ or tissue.
pergola:An archway in a garden or park consisting of a framework covered with trained climbing or trailing plants.
pergolas:An arched structure in a garden or park consisting of a framework covered with climbing or trailing plants.
perhaps:Used to express uncertainty or possibility.
peri:(in Persian mythology) a mythical superhuman being, originally represented as evil but subsequently as a good or graceful genie or fairy.
periastron:The point nearest to a star in the path of a body orbiting that star.
perigee:The point in the orbit of the moon or a satellite at which it is nearest to the earth.
periglacial:Relating to or denoting an area adjacent to a glacier or ice sheet or otherwise subject to repeated freezing and thawing.
perihelion:The point in the orbit of a planet, asteroid, or comet at which it is closest to the sun.
peril:Expose to danger; threaten.
perilous:Full of danger or risk.
perilously:In a way that is full of danger or risk.
perils:Expose to danger; threaten.
perimeter:The continuous line forming the boundary of a closed geometric figure.
perimeters:The continuous line forming the boundary of a closed geometrical figure.
perinatal:Relating to the time, usually a number of weeks, immediately before and after birth.
perineum:The area between the anus and the scrotum or vulva.
period:A length or portion of time.
periodic:Appearing or occurring at intervals.
periodical:A magazine or newspaper published at regular intervals.
periodically:From time to time; occasionally.
periodicals:A magazine or newspaper published at regular intervals.
periodicity:The quality or character of being periodic; the tendency to recur at intervals.
periods:A length or portion of time.
perioperative:(of a process or treatment) occurring or performed at or around the time of an operation.
peripatetic:A person who travels from place to place.
peripheral:A peripheral device.
peripherals:A peripheral device.
peripheries:The outer limits or edge of an area or object.
periphery:The outer limits or edge of an area or object.
periphrasis:The use of indirect and circumlocutory speech or writing.
periphrastic:(of speech or writing) indirect and circumlocutory.
periscope:An apparatus consisting of a tube attached to a set of mirrors or prisms, by which an observer (typically in a submerged submarine or behind a high obstacle) can see things that are otherwise out of sight.
periscopes:An apparatus consisting of a tube attached to a set of mirrors or prisms, by which an observer (typically in a submerged submarine or behind a high obstacle) can see things that are otherwise out of sight.
perish:Suffer death, typically in a violent, sudden, or untimely way.
perishable:Things, especially foodstuffs, likely to decay or go bad quickly.
perishables:Things, especially foodstuffs, likely to decay or go bad quickly.
perished:Die, especially in a violent or sudden way.
perishes:Die, especially in a violent or sudden way.
perishing:Used for emphasis or to express annoyance.
peritoneum:The serous membrane lining the cavity of the abdomen and covering the abdominal organs.
perjure:Willfully tell an untruth when giving evidence to a court; commit perjury.
perjured:(of evidence) involving willfully told untruths; characterized by perjury.
perjury:The offense of willfully telling an untruth in a court after having taken an oath or affirmation.
perk:Become or make more cheerful, lively, or interesting.
perked:Become or make more cheerful, lively, or interesting.
perkier:Cheerful and lively.
perkiest:Cheerful and lively.
perking:Become or make more cheerful, lively, or interesting.
perks:Become or make more cheerful, lively, or interesting.
perky:Cheerful and lively.
perm:Set (the hair) in a perm.
permafrost:A thick subsurface layer of soil that remains frozen throughout the year, occurring chiefly in polar regions.
permanence:The state or quality of lasting or remaining unchanged indefinitely.
permanent:A perm for the hair.
permanently:In a way that lasts or remains unchanged indefinitely; for all time.
permanganate:A salt containing the anion MnO₄⁻, typically deep purplish-red and with strong oxidizing properties.
permeability:The state or quality of a material or membrane that causes it to allow liquids or gases to pass through it.
permeable:(of a material or membrane) allowing liquids or gases to pass through it.
permeate:Spread throughout (something); pervade.
permeated:Spread throughout (something); pervade.
permeates:Spread throughout (something); pervade.
permeating:Spread throughout (something); pervade.
permed:Set (the hair) in a perm.
perming:Set (the hair) in a perm.
permissible:Permitted; allowed.
permission:Consent; authorization.
permissive:Allowing or characterized by great or excessive freedom of behavior.
permissiveness:Great or excessive freedom of behavior.
permit:Give authorization or consent to (someone) to do something.
permits:Officially allow (someone) to do something.
permitted:Officially allow (someone) to do something.
permitting:Officially allow (someone) to do something.
permittivity:The ability of a substance to store electrical energy in an electric field.
perms:Set (the hair) in a perm.
permutation:A way, especially one of several possible variations, in which a set or number of things can be ordered or arranged.
permutations:Each of several possible ways in which a set or number of things can be ordered or arranged.
permute:Submit to a process of alteration, rearrangement, or permutation.
permuted:Submit to a process of alteration, rearrangement, or permutation.
permutes:Submit to a process of alteration, rearrangement, or permutation.
permuting:Submit to a process of alteration, rearrangement, or permutation.
pernicious:Having a harmful effect, especially in a gradual or subtle way.
peroration:The concluding part of a speech, typically intended to inspire enthusiasm in the audience.
peroxidase:An enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of a particular substrate by hydrogen peroxide.
peroxide:Bleach (hair) with peroxide.
peroxides:Bleach (hair) with peroxide.
perpendicular:A straight line at an angle of 90° to a given line, plane, or surface.
perpendiculars:A straight line at an angle of 90° to a given line, plane, or surface.
perpetrate:Carry out or commit (a harmful, illegal, or immoral action)
perpetrated:Carry out or commit (a harmful, illegal, or immoral action)
perpetrates:Carry out or commit (a harmful, illegal, or immoral action)
perpetrating:Carry out or commit (a harmful, illegal, or immoral action)
perpetrator:A person who carries out a harmful, illegal, or immoral act.
perpetrators:A person who carries out a harmful, illegal, or immoral act.
perpetual:Never ending or changing.
perpetually:In a way that never ends or changes; constantly.
perpetuate:Make (something, typically an undesirable situation or an unfounded belief) continue indefinitely.
perpetuated:Make (something) continue indefinitely.
perpetuates:Make (something) continue indefinitely.
perpetuating:Make (something) continue indefinitely.
perpetuation:The continuation or preservation of a situation, idea, etc.
perpetuity:A bond or other security with no fixed maturity date.
perplex:(of something complicated or unaccountable) cause (someone) to feel completely baffled.
perplexed:Completely baffled; very puzzled.
perplexing:Completely baffling; very puzzling.
perplexity:Inability to deal with or understand something complicated or unaccountable.
perquisites:A benefit which one enjoys or is entitled to on account of one's job or position.
perron:An exterior set of steps and a platform at the main entrance to a large building such as a church or mansion.
perry:An alcoholic drink made from the fermented juice of pears.
persecute:Subject (someone) to hostility and ill-treatment, especially because of their ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation or their political beliefs.
persecuted:Subject (someone) to hostility and ill-treatment, especially because of their ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation or their political beliefs.
persecuting:Subject (someone) to hostility and ill-treatment, especially because of their ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation or their political beliefs.
persecution:Hostility and ill-treatment, especially on the basis of ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation or political beliefs.
persecutions:Hostility and ill-treatment, especially on the basis of ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation or political beliefs.
persecutor:A person who persecutes someone, especially for their ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation or political beliefs.
persecutors:A person who persecutes someone, especially for their ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation or political beliefs.
perseverance:Persistence in doing something despite difficulty or delay in achieving success.
persevere:Continue in a course of action even in the face of difficulty or with little or no prospect of success.
persevered:Continue in a course of action even in the face of difficulty or with little or no indication of success.
perseveres:Continue in a course of action even in the face of difficulty or with little or no indication of success.
persevering:Continuing in a course of action despite difficulty or delay in achieving success.
persia:A former country in southwestern Asia, now called Iran. The ancient kingdom of Persia became the domain of the Achaemenid dynasty in the 6th century BC. Under Cyrus the Great, Persia became the center of a powerful empire that included western Asia, Egypt, and parts of eastern Europe; it was eventually overthrown by Alexander the Great in 330 BC. The country was conquered by Muslim Arabs between AD 633 and 651. It was renamed Iran in 1935.
persian:A native or inhabitant of ancient or modern Persia (or Iran), or a person of Persian descent.
persist:Continue firmly or obstinately in an opinion or a course of action in spite of difficulty, opposition, or failure.
persisted:Continue in an opinion or course of action in spite of difficulty or opposition.
persistence:Firm or obstinate continuance in a course of action in spite of difficulty or opposition.
persistent:Continuing firmly or obstinately in a course of action in spite of difficulty or opposition.
persistently:In a persistent manner; continuously.
persisting:Continue in an opinion or course of action in spite of difficulty or opposition.
persists:Continue in an opinion or course of action in spite of difficulty or opposition.
person:A human being regarded as an individual.
persona:The aspect of someone's character that is presented to or perceived by others.
personable:(of a person) having a pleasant appearance and manner.
personae:The aspect of someone's character that is presented to or perceived by others.
personage:A person (often used to express their significance, importance, or elevated status)
personages:A person (used to express importance or elevated status)
personal:An advertisement or message in the personal column of a newspaper; personal ad.
personalisation:The action of designing or producing something to meet someone's individual requirements.
personalise:Design or produce (something) to meet someone's individual requirements.
personalised:Designed or produced to meet someone's individual requirements.
personalising:Design or produce (something) to meet someone's individual requirements.
personalities:The combination of characteristics or qualities that form an individual's distinctive character.
personality:The combination of characteristics or qualities that form an individual's distinctive character.
personally:With the personal presence or action of the individual specified; in person.
personification:The attribution of a personal nature or human characteristics to something nonhuman, or the representation of an abstract quality in human form.
personifications:The attribution of a personal nature or human characteristics to something non-human, or the representation of an abstract quality in human form.
personified:Represent (a quality or concept) by a figure in human form.
personifies:Represent (a quality or concept) by a figure in human form.
personify:Represent (a quality or concept) by a figure in human form.
personifying:Represent (a quality or concept) by a figure in human form.
personnel:People employed in an organization or engaged in an organized undertaking such as military service.
persons:A human being regarded as an individual.
perspective:The art of drawing solid objects on a two-dimensional surface so as to give the right impression of their height, width, depth, and position in relation to each other when viewed from a particular point.
perspex:A solid transparent plastic made of polymethyl methacrylate.
perspicacious:Having a ready insight into and understanding of things.
perspicacity:The quality of having a ready insight into things; shrewdness.
perspicuous:(of an account or representation) clearly expressed and easily understood; lucid.
perspiration:The process of sweating.
perspire:Give out sweat through the pores of the skin as a result of heat, physical exertion, or stress.
perspiring:Give out sweat through the pores of the skin as a result of heat, physical exertion, or stress.
persuade:Cause (someone) to do something through reasoning or argument.
persuaded:Induce (someone) to do something through reasoning or argument.
persuaders:A person who persuades someone to do something.
persuades:Induce (someone) to do something through reasoning or argument.
persuading:Induce (someone) to do something through reasoning or argument.
persuasion:The action or fact of persuading someone or of being persuaded to do or believe something.
persuasions:The action or process of persuading someone or of being persuaded to do or believe something.
persuasive:Good at persuading someone to do or believe something through reasoning or the use of temptation.
persuasively:In a persuasive or convincing manner.
pert:(of a girl or young woman) attractively lively or cheeky.
pertain:Be appropriate, related, or applicable.
pertained:Be appropriate, related, or applicable to.
pertaining:Be appropriate, related, or applicable to.
pertains:Be appropriate, related, or applicable to.
perth:The capital of the state of Western Australia, in western Australia, on the Indian Ocean; population 1,602,559 (2008). Founded by the British in 1829, it developed rapidly after the discovery in 1890 of gold in the region and the opening in 1897 of the harbor at Fremantle.
pertinacious:Holding firmly to an opinion or a course of action.
pertinent:Relevant or applicable to a particular matter; apposite.
pertness:The quality of being attractively neat and jaunty.
perturb:Make (someone) anxious or unsettled.
perturbation:Anxiety; mental uneasiness.
perturbed:Feeling anxiety or concern; unsettled.
perturbing:Causing anxiety or concern; unsettling.
peru:A country in South America on the Pacific coast, crossed throughout its length by the Andes; population 31,400,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Lima; languages, Spanish and Quechua.
perusal:The action of reading or examining something.
peruse:Read (something), typically in a thorough or careful way.
perused:Read (something), typically in a thorough or careful way.
peruvian:A native or inhabitant of Peru, or a person of Peruvian descent.
pervade:(especially of a smell) spread through and be perceived in every part of.
pervaded:(especially of a smell) spread through and be perceived in every part of.
pervades:(especially of a smell) spread through and be perceived in every part of.
pervading:(especially of a smell) spread through and be perceived in every part of.
pervasive:(especially of an unwelcome influence or physical effect) spreading widely throughout an area or a group of people.
pervasiveness:The quality of spreading widely or being present throughout an area or a group of people.
perverse:(of a person or their actions) showing a deliberate and obstinate desire to behave in a way that is unreasonable or unacceptable, often in spite of the consequences.
perversely:In a way that shows a deliberate and obstinate desire to behave in an unreasonable or unacceptable manner.
perversion:The alteration of something from its original course, meaning, or state to a distortion or corruption of what was first intended.
perversions:Distortion or corruption of the original course, meaning, or state of something.
perversity:A deliberate desire to behave in an unreasonable or unacceptable way; contrariness.
pervert:Alter (something) from its original course, meaning, or state to a distortion or corruption of what was first intended.
perverted:(of a person or their actions) characterized by sexually abnormal and unacceptable practices or tendencies.
perverting:Distort or corrupt the original course, meaning, or state of (something)
perverts:Distort or corrupt the original course, meaning, or state of (something)
peseta:The basic monetary unit of Spain (until replaced by the euro), equal to 100 centimos.
pesetas:(until the introduction of the euro in 2002) the basic monetary unit of Spain, equal to 100 centimos.
pesky:Causing trouble; annoying.
pessimism:A tendency to see the worst aspect of things or believe that the worst will happen; a lack of hope or confidence in the future.
pessimist:A person who tends to see the worst aspect of things or believe that the worst will happen.
pessimistic:Tending to see the worst aspect of things or believe that the worst will happen.
pessimists:A person who tends to see the worst aspect of things or believe that the worst will happen.
pest:A destructive insect or other animal that attacks crops, food, livestock, etc.
pester:Trouble or annoy (someone) with frequent or persistent requests or interruptions.
pestered:Trouble or annoy (someone) with frequent or persistent requests or interruptions.
pestering:Trouble or annoy (someone) with frequent or persistent requests or interruptions.
pesticide:A substance used for destroying insects or other organisms harmful to cultivated plants or to animals.
pesticides:A substance used for destroying insects or other organisms harmful to cultivated plants or to animals.
pestilence:A fatal epidemic disease, especially bubonic plague.
pestilent:Destructive to life; deadly.
pestilential:Relating to or tending to cause infectious diseases.
pestle:Crush or grind (a substance such as a spice or drug) with a pestle.
pests:A destructive insect or other animal that attacks crops, food, livestock, etc.
pet:Stroke or pat (an animal) affectionately.
petal:Each of the segments of the corolla of a flower, which are modified leaves and are typically colored.
petals:Each of the segments of the corolla of a flower, which are modified leaves and are typically coloured.
petard:A small bomb made of a metal or wooden box filled with powder, used to blast down a door or to make a hole in a wall.
peter:Decrease or fade gradually before coming to an end.
petered:Decrease or fade gradually before coming to an end.
petering:Decrease or fade gradually before coming to an end.
peters:Decrease or fade gradually before coming to an end.
pethidine:A synthetic compound used as a painkilling drug, especially for women in labour.
petit:(of a crime) petty.
petite:Attractively small and dainty (used of a woman)
petition:Make or present a formal request to (an authority) with respect to a particular cause.
petitioned:Present a petition to (an authority) in respect of a particular cause.
petitioner:A person who presents a petition to an authority in respect of a particular cause.
petitioners:A person who presents a petition to an authority in respect of a particular cause.
petitioning:Present a petition to (an authority) in respect of a particular cause.
petitions:Present a petition to (an authority) in respect of a particular cause.
petrel:A seabird related to the shearwaters, typically flying far from land.
petrels:A seabird related to the shearwaters, typically flying far from land.
petrification:The process by which organic matter exposed to minerals over a long period is turned into a stony substance.
petrified:So frightened that one is unable to move; terrified.
petrifies:Change (organic matter) into a stony substance by encrusting or replacing it with a calcareous, siliceous, or other mineral deposit.
petrify:Change (organic matter) into a stony concretion by encrusting or replacing its original substance with a calcareous, siliceous, or other mineral deposit.
petrifying:Change (organic matter) into a stony substance by encrusting or replacing it with a calcareous, siliceous, or other mineral deposit.
petrochemical:A chemical obtained from petroleum and natural gas.
petrochemicals:A chemical obtained from petroleum and natural gas.
petrol:A light fuel oil that is obtained by distilling petroleum and used in internal combustion engines; gasoline.
petroleum:A liquid mixture of hydrocarbons that is present in certain rock strata and can be extracted and refined to produce fuels including gasoline, kerosene, and diesel oil; oil.
petrology:The branch of science concerned with the origin, small-scale structure, and composition of rocks.
pets:Stroke or pat (an animal) affectionately.
petted:Stroke or pat (an animal) affectionately.
petticoat:A woman's light, loose undergarment hanging from the shoulders or the waist, worn under a skirt or dress.
petticoats:A woman's light, loose undergarment hanging from the shoulders or the waist, worn under a skirt or dress.
pettier:Of little importance; trivial.
pettiest:Of little importance; trivial.
pettifoggers:An inferior legal practitioner, especially one who deals with petty cases or employs dubious practices.
pettifogging:Placing undue emphasis on petty details.
pettiness:Undue concern with trivial matters, especially of a small-minded or spiteful nature.
petting:Stroke or pat (an animal) affectionately.
pettish:(of a person or their behavior) childishly bad-tempered and petulant.
petty:Of little importance; trivial.
petulance:The quality of being childishly sulky or bad-tempered.
petulant:(of a person or their manner) childishly sulky or bad-tempered.
petunia:A plant of the nightshade family with brightly colored funnel-shaped flowers. Native to tropical America, it has been widely developed as an ornamental hybrid, with numerous varieties.
petunias:A South American plant of the nightshade family which has white, purple, or red funnel-shaped flowers, with many ornamental varieties.
pew:A long bench with a back, placed in rows in the main part of some churches to seat the congregation.
pews:A long bench with a back, placed in rows in the main part of some churches to seat the congregation.
pewter:A gray alloy of tin with copper and antimony (formerly, tin and lead)
phalanx:A body of troops or police officers standing or moving in close formation.
phantom:A ghost.
phantoms:A ghost.
pharaoh:A ruler in ancient Egypt.
pharmaceutical:A compound manufactured for use as a medicinal drug.
pharmaceuticals:A compound manufactured for use as a medicinal drug.
pharmacies:A shop or hospital dispensary where medicinal drugs are prepared or sold.
pharmacist:A person who is professionally qualified to prepare and dispense medicinal drugs.
pharmacists:A person who is professionally qualified to prepare and dispense medicinal drugs.
pharmacological:Relating to the branch of medicine concerned with the uses, effects, and modes of action of drugs.
pharmacology:The branch of medicine concerned with the uses, effects, and modes of action of drugs.
pharmacy:A store where medicinal drugs are dispensed and sold.
pharynx:The membrane-lined cavity behind the nose and mouth, connecting them to the esophagus.
phase:Carry out (something) in gradual stages.
phased:Carried out in gradual stages; staggered.
phases:Carry out (something) in gradual stages.
phasing:The action of dividing a large task or process into several stages.
pheasant:A large long-tailed game bird native to Asia, the male of which typically has very showy plumage.
pheasants:A large long-tailed game bird native to Asia, the male of which typically has very showy plumage.
phenol:A mildly acidic toxic white crystalline solid obtained from coal tar and used in chemical manufacture, and in dilute form (under the name carbolic) as a disinfectant.
phenomena:A fact or situation that is observed to exist or happen, especially one whose cause or explanation is in question.
phenomenal:Very remarkable; extraordinary.
phenomenally:In a remarkable or exceptional way, especially exceptionally well.
phenomenological:Relating to the science of phenomena as distinct from that of the nature of being.
phenomenology:The science of phenomena as distinct from that of the nature of being.
phenomenon:A fact or situation that is observed to exist or happen, especially one whose cause or explanation is in question.
phenotype:The set of observable characteristics of an individual resulting from the interaction of its genotype with the environment.
phenotypes:The set of observable characteristics of an individual resulting from the interaction of its genotype with the environment.
phenylalanine:An amino acid widely distributed in plant proteins. It is an essential nutrient in the diet of vertebrates.
pheromone:A chemical substance produced and released into the environment by an animal, especially a mammal or an insect, affecting the behavior or physiology of others of its species.
pheromones:A chemical substance produced and released into the environment by an animal, especially a mammal or an insect, affecting the behaviour or physiology of others of its species.
phew:Expressing a strong reaction of relief.
philanthropic:(of a person or organization) seeking to promote the welfare of others, especially by donating money to good causes; generous and benevolent.
philanthropist:A person who seeks to promote the welfare of others, especially by the generous donation of money to good causes.
philanthropists:A person who seeks to promote the welfare of others, especially by the generous donation of money to good causes.
philanthropy:The desire to promote the welfare of others, expressed especially by the generous donation of money to good causes.
philately:The collection and study of postage stamps.
philharmonic:Devoted to music (chiefly used in the names of orchestras)
philistine:A person who is hostile or indifferent to culture and the arts, or who has no understanding of them.
philology:The branch of knowledge that deals with the structure, historical development, and relationships of a language or languages.
philosopher:A person engaged or learned in philosophy, especially as an academic discipline.
philosophers:A person engaged or learned in philosophy, especially as an academic discipline.
philosophic:Relating or devoted to the study of the fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence.
philosophical:Relating or devoted to the study of the fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence.
philosophically:In a way that relates to the study of the fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence.
philosophise:Speculate or theorize about fundamental or serious issues, especially in a tedious or pompous way.
philosophising:Speculate or theorize about fundamental or serious issues, especially in a tedious or pompous way.
philosophy:The study of the fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence, especially when considered as an academic discipline.
phlebotomy:The surgical opening or puncture of a vein in order to withdraw blood or introduce a fluid, or (historically) as part of the procedure of letting blood.
phlegm:The thick viscous substance secreted by the mucous membranes of the respiratory passages, especially when produced in excessive or abnormal quantities, e.g., when someone is suffering from a cold.
phlegmatic:(of a person) having an unemotional and stolidly calm disposition.
phlogiston:A substance supposed by 18th-century chemists to exist in all combustible bodies, and to be released in combustion.
phlox:A North American plant that typically has dense clusters of colorful scented flowers, widely grown as a rock-garden or border plant.
phobia:An extreme or irrational fear of or aversion to something.
phobias:An extreme or irrational fear of or aversion to something.
phobic:A person with an extreme or irrational fear of or aversion to something.
phoenix:(in classical mythology) a unique bird that lived for five or six centuries in the Arabian desert, after this time burning itself on a funeral pyre and rising from the ashes with renewed youth to live through another cycle.
phoenixes:(in classical mythology) a unique bird that lived for five or six centuries in the Arabian desert, after this time burning itself on a funeral pyre and rising from the ashes with renewed youth to live through another cycle.
phone:Call someone on the phone.
phoned:Contact someone by phone.
phoneme:Any of the perceptually distinct units of sound in a specified language that distinguish one word from another, for example p, b, d, and t in the English words pad, pat, bad, and bat.
phonemes:Any of the perceptually distinct units of sound in a specified language that distinguish one word from another, for example p, b, d, and t in the English words pad, pat, bad, and bat.
phonemic:Relating to phonemes or analysis using phonemes.
phonemically:With regard to phonemes or phonemic analysis; in terms of phoneme theory.
phoner:A person who makes a telephone call; = "telephoner".
phones:Contact someone by phone.
phonetic:Relating to speech sounds.
phoneticians:An expert in or student of phonetics.
phonetics:The study and classification of speech sounds.
phoney:A fraudulent person or thing.
phoneys:A fraudulent person or thing.
phoning:Contact someone by phone.
phonograph:A record player.
phonological:Relating to the system of contrastive relationships among the speech sounds that constitute the fundamental components of a language.
phonology:The system of contrastive relationships among the speech sounds that constitute the fundamental components of a language.
phonon:A quantum of energy or a quasiparticle associated with a compressional wave such as sound or a vibration of a crystal lattice.
phony:A fraudulent person or thing.
phooey:Nonsense.
phosphatase:An enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of organic phosphates in a specified (acid or alkaline) environment.
phosphate:A salt or ester of phosphoric acid, containing PO₄³⁻ or a related anion or a group such as —OPO(OH)₂.
phosphates:A salt or ester of phosphoric acid, containing PO₄³⁻ or a related anion or a group such as —OPO(OH)₂.
phosphatic:(chiefly of rocks and fertilizer) containing or consisting of phosphates.
phospholipids:A lipid containing a phosphate group in its molecule, e.g. phosphatidylcholine.
phosphor:A synthetic fluorescent or phosphorescent substance, especially any of those used to coat the screens of cathode ray tubes.
phosphorescence:Light emitted by a substance without combustion or perceptible heat.
phosphoric:Relating to or containing phosphorus.
phosphorous:Relating to or containing phosphorus.
phosphors:A synthetic fluorescent or phosphorescent substance, especially one used to coat the screen of a cathode ray tube.
phosphorus:The chemical element of atomic number 15, a poisonous, combustible nonmetal which exists in two common allotropic forms, white phosphorus, a yellowish waxy solid which ignites spontaneously in air and glows in the dark, and red phosphorus, a less reactive form used in making matches.
photo:Take a photograph of.
photochemical:Relating to or caused by the chemical action of light.
photochemistry:The branch of chemistry concerned with the chemical effects of light.
photocopied:Make a photocopy of.
photocopier:A machine for making photocopies.
photocopiers:A machine for making photocopies.
photocopies:Make a photocopy of.
photocopy:Make a photocopy of.
photocopying:Make a photocopy of.
photoelectric:Characterized by or involving the emission of electrons from a surface by the action of light.
photoelectrically:In terms of photoelectric properties; by means of the photoelectric effect.
photogenic:(especially of a person) looking attractive in photographs or on film.
photograph:Take a photograph of.
photographed:Take a photograph of.
photographer:A person who takes photographs, especially as a job.
photographers:A person who takes photographs, especially as a job.
photographic:Relating to or resembling photographs.
photographing:Take a photograph of.
photographs:Take a photograph of.
photography:The art or practice of taking and processing photographs.
photolysis:The decomposition or separation of molecules by the action of light.
photomultiplier:An instrument containing a photoelectric cell and a series of electrodes, used to detect and amplify the light from very faint sources.
photon:A particle representing a quantum of light or other electromagnetic radiation. A photon carries energy proportional to the radiation frequency but has zero rest mass.
photons:A particle representing a quantum of light or other electromagnetic radiation. A photon carries energy proportional to the radiation frequency but has zero rest mass.
photoreceptor:A structure in a living organism, especially a sensory cell or sense organ, that responds to light falling on it.
photos:Take a photograph of.
photosensitive:Having a chemical, electrical, or other response to light.
photosphere:The luminous envelope of a star from which its light and heat radiate.
photostat:Make a copy of (a document) using a photostat machine.
photosynthesis:The process by which green plants and some other organisms use sunlight to synthesize foods from carbon dioxide and water. Photosynthesis in plants generally involves the green pigment chlorophyll and generates oxygen as a byproduct.
photosynthesising:(of a plant) synthesize sugars or other substances by means of photosynthesis.
photosynthetic:Relating to or involved in the process by which green plants and some other organisms use sunlight to synthesize nutrients from carbon dioxide and water.
photosynthetically:In a way that relates to or involves the process by which green plants and some other organisms use sunlight to synthesize nutrients from carbon dioxide and water.
phototypesetter:A machine for photocomposition.
photovoltaic:Relating to the production of electric current at the junction of two substances exposed to light.
phrasal:Consisting of a phrase or phrases.
phrase:Put into a particular form of words.
phrased:Put into a particular form of words.
phraseology:A mode of expression, especially one characteristic of a particular speaker or writer.
phrases:Put into a particular form of words.
phrasing:The way in which something is expressed or put into words.
phrenologically:With regard to phrenology, in terms of phrenology.
phrenology:The detailed study of the shape and size of the cranium as a supposed indication of character and mental abilities.
phyla:A principal taxonomic category that ranks above class and below kingdom, equivalent to the division in botany.
phylactery:A small leather box containing Hebrew texts on vellum, worn by Jewish men at morning prayer as a reminder to keep the law.
phylogenetic:Relating to the evolutionary development and diversification of a species or group of organisms, or of a particular feature of an organism.
phylogeny:The branch of biology that deals with phylogenesis.
phylum:A principal taxonomic category that ranks above class and below kingdom.
physic:Treat with a medicine.
physical:A medical examination to determine a person's bodily fitness.
physicality:The fact of relating to the body as opposed to the mind; physical presence.
physically:In a manner relating to the body as opposed to the mind.
physician:A person qualified to practice medicine.
physicians:A person qualified to practise medicine, especially one who specializes in diagnosis and medical treatment as distinct from surgery.
physicist:An expert in or student of physics.
physicists:An expert in or student of physics.
physics:The branch of science concerned with the nature and properties of matter and energy. The subject matter of physics, distinguished from that of chemistry and biology, includes mechanics, heat, light and other radiation, sound, electricity, magnetism, and the structure of atoms.
physio:A physiotherapist.
physiognomies:A person's facial features or expression, especially when regarded as indicative of character or ethnic origin.
physiognomy:A person's facial features or expression, especially when regarded as indicative of character or ethnic origin.
physiological:Relating to the branch of biology that deals with the normal functions of living organisms and their parts.
physiologically:In a way that relates to the functions of living organisms and their parts.
physiologist:An expert in or student of the branch of biology that deals with the normal functions of living organisms and their parts.
physiologists:An expert in or student of the branch of biology that deals with the normal functions of living organisms and their parts.
physiology:The branch of biology that deals with the normal functions of living organisms and their parts.
physiotherapist:A person qualified to treat disease, injury, or deformity by physical methods such as massage, heat treatment, and exercise; a physical therapist.
physiotherapists:A person qualified to treat disease, injury, or deformity by physical methods such as massage, heat treatment, and exercise.
physiotherapy:The treatment of disease, injury, or deformity by physical methods such as massage, heat treatment, and exercise rather than by drugs or surgery; physical therapy.
physique:The form, size, and development of a person's body.
phytoplankton:Plankton consisting of microscopic plants.
pi:The sixteenth letter of the Greek alphabet (Π, π), transliterated as ‘p.’.
pianissimo:(especially as a direction) very softly.
pianist:A person who plays the piano, especially professionally.
pianists:A person who plays the piano, especially professionally.
piano:A large keyboard musical instrument with a wooden case enclosing a soundboard and metal strings, which are struck by hammers when the keys are depressed. The strings' vibration is stopped by dampers when the keys are released and can be regulated for length and volume by two or three pedals.
pianola:A piano equipped to be played automatically using a piano roll.
piazza:A public square or marketplace, especially in an Italian town.
piazzas:A public square or marketplace, especially in an Italian town.
pica:A unit of type size and line length equal to 12 points (about 1/6 inch or 4.2 mm).
picaresque:Relating to an episodic style of fiction dealing with the adventures of a rough and dishonest but appealing hero.
piccolo:A small flute sounding an octave higher than the ordinary one.
pick:Take hold of and remove (a flower, fruit, or vegetable) from where it is growing.
pickaxe:Break or strike with a pickaxe.
pickaxes:Break or strike with a pickaxe.
picked:Detach and remove (a flower, fruit, or vegetable) from where it is growing.
picker:A person or machine that gathers or collects something.
pickerel:A small North American pike.
pickerels:A small North American pike.
pickers:A person or machine that picks fruit or vegetables.
picket:Act as a picket outside (a workplace or other venue)
picketed:Act as a picket outside (a workplace or other venue)
picketing:Act as a picket outside (a workplace or other venue)
pickets:Act as a picket outside (a workplace or other venue)
picking:Detach and remove (a flower, fruit, or vegetable) from where it is growing.
pickings:Profits or gains that are made effortlessly or dishonestly, as by picking.
pickle:Preserve (food or other perishable items) in vinegar, brine, or a similar solution.
pickled:(of food) preserved in vinegar or brine.
pickles:Preserve (food or other perishable items) in vinegar or brine.
pickling:(of food) suitable for being pickled or used in making pickles.
pickpocket:Steal from the pockets of (someone)
pickpocketing:The action of stealing from a person's pockets.
pickpockets:Steal from the pockets of (someone)
picks:Detach and remove (a flower, fruit, or vegetable) from where it is growing.
pickup:A small truck with an enclosed cab and open back.
pickups:A small van or truck with low sides.
picnic:An outing or occasion that involves taking a packed meal to be eaten outdoors.
picnicked:Have or take part in a picnic.
picnickers:A person who has or takes part in a picnic.
picnicking:Have or take part in a picnic.
picnics:Have or take part in a picnic.
picoseconds:One trillionth of a second.
pictogram:A pictorial symbol for a word or phrase. Pictographs were used as the earliest known form of writing, examples having been discovered in Egypt and Mesopotamia from before 3000 BC.
pictorial:A newspaper or periodical with pictures as a main feature.
pictural:Of or relating to pictures; pictorial.
picture:Represent (someone or something) in a photograph or picture.
pictured:Represent in a photograph or picture.
pictures:Represent in a photograph or picture.
picturesque:Visually attractive, especially in a quaint or pretty style.
picturing:Represent in a photograph or picture.
pidgin:A grammatically simplified form of a language, used for communication between people not sharing a common language. Pidgins have a limited vocabulary, some elements of which are taken from local languages, and are not native languages, but arise out of language contact between speakers of other languages.
pie:A baked dish of fruit, or meat and vegetables, typically with a top and base of pastry.
piebald:A piebald horse or other animal.
piece:Assemble something from individual parts.
pieced:Assemble something from parts or pieces.
piecemeal:In an unsystematic way, through partial measures taken over a period of time.
pieces:Assemble something from parts or pieces.
piecewise:By or in pieces; by degrees, piecemeal.
piecework:Work paid for according to the amount produced.
piecing:Assemble something from parts or pieces.
pied:Having two or more different colors.
pier:A platform supported on pillars or girders leading out from the shore into a body of water, used as a landing stage for boats.
pierce:(of a sharp pointed object) go into or through (something)
pierced:(of the ears, nose, or other part of the body) having had a hole made so as to wear jewelry.
piercer:A person or thing that pierces something.
piercers:A person or thing that pierces something.
pierces:(of a sharp pointed object) go into or through (something)
piercing:A small hole in a part of the body, typically other than the ears, made so as to insert a ring, stud, or other piece of jewelry.
piers:A platform on pillars projecting from the shore into the sea, typically incorporating entertainment arcades and places to eat.
pies:A baked dish of fruit, or meat and vegetables, typically with a top and base of pastry.
piety:The quality of being religious or reverent.
piezoelectric:Relating to or involving electric polarization resulting from the application of mechanical stress.
piffle:Nonsense.
pig:Gorge oneself with food.
pigeon:A stout seed- or fruit-eating bird with a small head, short legs, and a cooing voice, typically having gray and white plumage.
pigeons:A stout seed- or fruit-eating bird with a small head, short legs, and a cooing voice, typically having grey and white plumage.
piggery:A farm where pigs are bred or kept.
piggish:Resembling a pig, especially in being greedy or unpleasant.
piggy:(used by or when talking to children) a pig or piglet.
piggyback:A ride on someone's back and shoulders.
piglet:A young pig.
piglets:A young pig.
pigment:Color (something) with or as if with pigment.
pigmentation:The natural coloring of animal or plant tissue.
pigmented:Colored with or containing pigment.
pigments:Colour (something) with or as if with pigment.
pigs:Gorge oneself with food.
pigsties:A pen or enclosure for a pig or pigs.
pigsty:A pigpen.
pigtail:A braid or gathered hank of hair hanging from the back of the head, or either of a pair at the sides.
pigtails:A plaited lock of hair worn singly at the back or on each side of the head.
pike:A long-bodied predatory freshwater fish with a pointed snout and large teeth, of both North America and Eurasia.
pikes:A long-bodied predatory freshwater fish with a pointed snout and large teeth, of both Eurasia and North America.
pikestaff:The wooden shaft of a pike.
pilaster:A rectangular column, especially one projecting from a wall.
pilchard:A small, edible, commercially valuable marine fish of the herring family.
pile:Place (things) one on top of another.
piled:Place (things) one on top of the other.
piles:Hemorrhoids.
pileup:A crash involving several vehicles.
pilfer:Steal (typically things of relatively little value)
pilfered:Steal (things of little value)
pilfering:Steal (things of little value)
pilgrim:Travel or wander like a pilgrim.
pilgrimage:Go on a pilgrimage.
pilgrimages:Go on a pilgrimage.
pilgrims:Travel or wander like a pilgrim.
piling:Heavy stakes or posts installed to support the foundations of a superstructure.
pill:A small round mass of solid medicine to be swallowed whole.
pillage:Rob a (place) using violence, especially in wartime.
pillages:Rob a (place) using violence, especially in wartime.
pillaging:Rob a (place) using violence, especially in wartime.
pillar:A tall vertical structure of stone, wood, or metal, used as a support for a building, or as an ornament or monument.
pillars:A tall vertical structure of stone, wood, or metal, used as a support for a building, or as an ornament or monument.
pillbox:A woman's hat with straight sides, a flat top, and no brim.
pillion:A seat for a passenger behind a motorcyclist.
pilloried:Put (someone) in a pillory.
pillory:Put (someone) in a pillory.
pillow:Rest (one's head) as if on a pillow.
pillowcase:A removable cloth cover for a pillow.
pillowed:Rest (one's head) as if on a pillow.
pillows:Rest (one's head) as if on a pillow.
pills:A small round mass of solid medicine for swallowing whole.
pilot:Act as a pilot of (an aircraft or ship)
piloted:Be the pilot of (an aircraft or ship)
piloting:Be the pilot of (an aircraft or ship)
pilots:Be the pilot of (an aircraft or ship)
pimp:Act as a pimp.
pimpernel:A small plant of the primrose family, with creeping stems and flat five-petaled flowers.
pimping:The action or practice of controlling prostitutes and arranging clients for them, taking part of their earnings in return.
pimple:A small hard inflamed spot on the skin.
pin:Attach or fasten with a pin or pins in a specified position.
pinafore:A sleeveless apron-like garment worn over a young girl's dress, typically having ties or buttons at the back.
pinafores:A collarless sleeveless dress worn over a blouse or jumper.A woman's loose sleeveless garment, typically full length and worn over clothes to keep them clean.A sleeveless apron-like garment worn over a young girl's dress, typically having ties or buttons at the back.
pinball:A game in which small metal balls are shot across a sloping board and score points by striking various targets.
pincer:A tool made of two pieces of metal with blunt concave jaws that are arranged like the blades of scissors, used for gripping and pulling things.
pincers:A tool made of two pieces of metal with blunt concave jaws that are arranged like the blades of scissors, used for gripping and pulling things.
pinch:Grip (something, typically someone's flesh) tightly and sharply between finger and thumb.
pinched:(of a person or their face) tense and pale from cold, worry, or hunger.
pinches:Grip (something, typically a person's flesh) tightly and sharply between finger and thumb.
pinching:Grip (something, typically a person's flesh) tightly and sharply between finger and thumb.
pincushion:A small cushion into which pins are stuck for convenient storage.
pine:An evergreen coniferous tree that has clusters of long needle-shaped leaves. Many kinds are grown for their soft timber, which is widely used for furniture and pulp, or for tar and turpentine.Used in names of coniferous trees of other families, e.g., Norfolk Island pine.Used in names of unrelated plants that resemble the pines in some way, e.g., ground pine.Having the scent of pine needles.
pineal:A pea-sized conical mass of tissue behind the third ventricle of the brain, secreting a hormone-like substance in some mammals.
pineapple:A large juicy tropical fruit consisting of aromatic edible yellow flesh surrounded by a tough segmented skin and topped with a tuft of stiff leaves.
pineapples:A large juicy tropical fruit consisting of aromatic edible yellow flesh surrounded by a tough segmented skin and topped with a tuft of stiff leaves.
pines:An evergreen coniferous tree which has clusters of long needle-shaped leaves. Many kinds are grown for the soft timber, which is widely used for furniture and pulp, or for tar and turpentine.Used in names of coniferous trees of families other than that of the pine, e.g. Chile pine.Used in names of unrelated plants that resemble the pines in some way, e.g. ground pine, screw pine.Having the scent of pine needles.
ping:Make or cause to make a short, high-pitched ringing sound.
pinhead:The flattened head of a pin.
pinheads:The round head of a pin.
pinhole:A very small hole.
pining:An evergreen coniferous tree which has clusters of long needle-shaped leaves. Many kinds are grown for the soft timber, which is widely used for furniture and pulp, or for tar and turpentine.Used in names of coniferous trees of families other than that of the pine, e.g. Chile pine.Used in names of unrelated plants that resemble the pines in some way, e.g. ground pine, screw pine.Having the scent of pine needles.
pinion:Tie or hold the arms or legs of (someone)
pink:Pink color, material, or pigment.
pinked:(of cloth) cut with a scalloped or zigzag edge.
pinker:Become pink.
pinkie:The little finger.
pinking:Become pink.
pinks:Become pink.
pinky:variant spelling of pinkie (sense 1)
pinnacle:Set on or as if on a pinnacle.
pinnacles:Form the culminating point or example of.
pinned:Attach or fasten with a pin or pins.
pinning:Attach or fasten with a pin or pins.
pinpoint:Find or locate exactly.
pinpointing:Find or identify with great accuracy or precision.
pinprick:A prick caused by a pin.
pinpricks:A prick caused by a pin.
pins:Attach or fasten with a pin or pins.
pinstripe:A very narrow stripe in cloth, especially of the type used for formal suits.
pinstriped:(of cloth) having a pattern of very narrow stripes.
pint:A unit of liquid or dry capacity equal to one half of a quart.
pints:A unit of liquid or dry capacity equal to one eighth of a gallon, in Britain equal to 0.568 litre and in the US equal to 0.473 litre (for liquid measure) or 0.551 litre (for dry measure).
pinup:A poster showing a famous person or sex symbol, designed to be displayed on a wall.
piny:Relating to or covered with pines.
pion:A meson having a mass approximately 270 times that of an electron.
pioneer:Develop or be the first to use or apply (a new method, area of knowledge, or activity)
pioneered:Develop or be the first to use or apply (a new method, area of knowledge, or activity)
pioneering:Involving new ideas or methods.
pioneers:Develop or be the first to use or apply (a new method, area of knowledge, or activity)
pious:Devoutly religious.
pip:A small hard seed in a fruit.
pipe:Convey (water, gas, oil, or other fluid substances) through a pipe or pipes.
piped:Convey (water, gas, oil, or other fluid substances) through a pipe or pipes.
pipeline:Convey (a substance) by a pipeline.
pipelines:Convey (a substance) by a pipeline.
piper:A bagpipe player.
pipers:A bagpipe player.
pipes:Convey (water, gas, oil, or other fluid substances) through a pipe or pipes.
pipette:Pour, convey, or draw off using a pipette.
pipework:Pipes that make up a network in a house, heating system, etc.
piping:Lengths of pipe, or a network of pipes, made of metal, plastic, or other materials.
pipings:Lengths of pipe made of metal, plastic, or other materials.
pipits:A mainly ground-dwelling songbird of open country, typically having brown streaky plumage.
pipped:A small hard seed in a fruit.
pippin:A red and yellow dessert apple.
pipping:A small hard seed in a fruit.
pips:A small hard seed in a fruit.
piquancy:A pleasantly sharp and appetizing flavor.
piquant:Having a pleasantly sharp taste or appetizing flavor.
pique:Stimulate (interest or curiosity)
piqued:Arouse (interest or curiosity)
piracy:The practice of attacking and robbing ships at sea.
piranha:A deep-bodied South American freshwater fish that typically lives in schools and has very sharp teeth that are used to tear flesh from prey. It has a reputation as a fearsome predator.
pirate:Use or reproduce (another's work) for profit without permission, usually in contravention of patent or copyright.
pirated:(of a product or piece of artistic work) reproduced without permission, usually in contravention of patent or copyright.
pirates:Use or reproduce (another's work) for profit without permission, usually in contravention of patent or copyright.
pirouette:An act of spinning on one foot, typically with the raised foot touching the knee of the supporting leg.
pirouetting:Perform a pirouette.
pisa:A city in northern Italy, in Tuscany, on the Arno River; population 87,398 (2008). It is noted for the Leaning Tower of Pisa, a circular bell tower that leans about 17 feet (5 m) from the perpendicular in its height of 181 feet (55 m).
pistol:Shoot (someone) with a pistol.
pistols:Shoot (someone) with a pistol.
piston:A disk or short cylinder fitting closely within a tube in which it moves up and down against a liquid or gas, used in an internal combustion engine to derive motion, or in a pump to impart motion.
pistons:A disc or short cylinder fitting closely within a tube in which it moves up and down against a liquid or gas, used in an internal combustion engine to derive motion, or in a pump to impart motion.
pit:Set someone or something in conflict or competition with.
pitch:Throw (the ball) for the batter to try to hit.
pitched:Set (one's voice or a piece of music) at a particular pitch.
pitcher:A large container, typically earthenware, glass, or plastic, with a handle and a lip, used for holding and pouring liquids.
pitchers:A large jug.
pitches:Set (one's voice or a piece of music) at a particular pitch.
pitchfork:Lift with a pitchfork.
pitching:Set (one's voice or a piece of music) at a particular pitch.
piteous:Deserving or arousing pity.
pitfall:A hidden or unsuspected danger or difficulty.
pitfalls:A hidden or unsuspected danger or difficulty.
pith:Remove the pith from.
piths:Remove the pith from.
pithy:(of language or style) concise and forcefully expressive.
pitiable:Deserving or arousing pity.
pitied:Feel sorrow for the misfortunes of.
pities:Feel sorrow for the misfortunes of.
pitiful:Deserving or arousing pity.
pitifully:In a manner that deserves or arouses pity.
pitiless:Showing no pity; cruel.
piton:A peg or spike driven into a rock or crack to support a climber or a rope.
pitons:A peg or spike driven into a rock or crack to support a climber or a rope.
pits:Set someone or something in conflict or competition with.
pittance:A very small or inadequate amount of money paid to someone as an allowance or wage.
pitted:Having a hollow or indentation on the surface.
pitting:Set someone or something in conflict or competition with.
pituitary:The major endocrine gland. A pea-sized body attached to the base of the brain, the pituitary is important in controlling growth and development and the functioning of the other endocrine glands.
pity:Feel sorrow for the misfortunes of.
pitying:Feeling or showing sorrow for someone's misfortunes, often with an implication of disdain or mild contempt.
pivot:The central point, pin, or shaft on which a mechanism turns or oscillates.
pivotal:Of crucial importance in relation to the development or success of something else.
pivoted:(of a mechanism) fixed on a pivot.
pivoting:Turn on or as if on a pivot.
pivots:Turn on or as if on a pivot.
pixel:A minute area of illumination on a display screen, one of many from which an image is composed.
pixels:A minute area of illumination on a display screen, one of many from which an image is composed.
pixie:A supernatural being in folklore and children's stories, typically portrayed as small and humanlike in form, with pointed ears and a pointed hat.
pixies:A supernatural being in folklore and children's stories, typically portrayed as small and humanlike in form, with pointed ears and a pointed hat.
pizazz:An attractive combination of vitality and glamour.
pizza:A dish of Italian origin consisting of a flat, round base of dough baked with a topping of tomato sauce and cheese, typically with added meat or vegetables.
pizzas:A dish of Italian origin, consisting of a flat round base of dough baked with a topping of tomatoes and cheese, typically with added meat, fish, or vegetables.
pizzeria:A place where pizzas are made or sold; a pizza restaurant.
pizzerias:A place where pizzas are made or sold; a pizza restaurant.
pizzicato:(often as a direction) plucking the strings of a violin or other stringed instrument with one's finger.
placard:Cover with placards.
placards:Cover with notices.
placate:Make (someone) less angry or hostile.
placated:Make (someone) less angry or hostile.
placates:Make (someone) less angry or hostile.
placating:Intended to make someone less angry or hostile.
placatory:Intended to make someone less angry or hostile; conciliatory.
place:Put in a particular position.
placebo:A harmless pill, medicine, or procedure prescribed more for the psychological benefit to the patient than for any physiological effect.
placed:Put in a particular position.
placeholder:A significant zero in the decimal representation of a number.
placemen:A person appointed to a position, especially in government service, for personal profit and as a reward for political support.
placement:The action of putting someone or something in a particular place or the fact of being placed.
placements:The action of placing someone or something somewhere.
placenta:A flattened circular organ in the uterus of pregnant eutherian mammals, nourishing and maintaining the fetus through the umbilical cord.
placentae:A flattened circular organ in the uterus of pregnant eutherian mammals, nourishing and maintaining the fetus through the umbilical cord.
placental:A placental mammal.
placentas:A flattened circular organ in the uterus of pregnant eutherian mammals, nourishing and maintaining the fetus through the umbilical cord.
placer:A deposit of sand or gravel in the bed of a river or lake, containing particles of valuable minerals.
placers:A deposit of sand or gravel in the bed of a river or lake, containing particles of valuable minerals.
places:Put in a particular position.
placid:(of a person or animal) not easily upset or excited.
placing:The action of putting something in position or the fact of being positioned.
placings:The action of putting something in position or the fact of being positioned.
plagiarise:Take (the work or an idea of someone else) and pass it off as one's own.
plagiarised:Take (the work or an idea of someone else) and pass it off as one's own.
plagiarising:Take (the work or an idea of someone else) and pass it off as one's own.
plagiarism:The practice of taking someone else's work or ideas and passing them off as one's own.
plague:Cause continual trouble or distress to.
plagued:Cause continual trouble or distress to.
plagues:Cause continual trouble or distress to.
plaguing:Cause continual trouble or distress to.
plaice:A North Atlantic flatfish which is a commercially important food fish.
plaid:Checkered or tartan twilled cloth, typically made of wool.
plain:Clearly; unequivocally (used for emphasis)
plainest:Used for emphasis.
plainly:Able to be perceived easily.
plains:Used for emphasis.
plaint:An accusation; a charge.
plaintiff:A person who brings a case against another in a court of law.
plaintiffs:A person who brings a case against another in a court of law.
plaintive:Sounding sad and mournful.
plait:Form (hair or other material) into a plait or plaits.
plaited:Form (hair, straw, rope, or other material) into a plait or plaits.
plaiting:Form (hair, straw, rope, or other material) into a plait or plaits.
plaits:Form (hair, straw, rope, or other material) into a plait or plaits.
plan:Decide on and arrange in advance.
planar:Relating to or in the form of a plane.
plane:(of a bird or an airborne object) soar without moving the wings; glide.
planed:(of a bird or an airborne object) soar without moving the wings; glide.
planes:(of a bird or an airborne object) soar without moving the wings; glide.
planet:A celestial body moving in an elliptical orbit around a star.
planetarium:A building in which images of stars, planets, and constellations are projected on the inner surface of a dome for public entertainment or education.
planetary:Relating to or belonging to a planet or planets.
planetesimals:A minute planet; a body which could come together with many others under gravitation to form a planet.
planets:A celestial body moving in an elliptical orbit round a star.
plangent:(of a sound) loud, reverberating, and often melancholy.
planing:(of a bird or an airborne object) soar without moving the wings; glide.
plank:Make, provide, or cover with planks.
planking:Planks collectively, especially when used for flooring or as part of a boat.
planks:Make, provide, or cover with planks.
plankton:The small and microscopic organisms drifting or floating in the sea or fresh water, consisting chiefly of diatoms, protozoans, small crustaceans, and the eggs and larval stages of larger animals. Many animals are adapted to feed on plankton, especially by filtering the water.
planned:Decide on and make arrangements for in advance.
planner:A person who makes plans.
planners:A person who makes plans.
planning:The process of making plans for something.
plans:Decide on and make arrangements for in advance.
plant:Place (a seed, bulb, or plant) in the ground so that it can grow.
plantain:A low-growing plant that typically has a rosette of leaves and a slender green flower spike, widely growing as a weed in lawns.
plantation:An estate on which crops such as coffee, sugar, and tobacco are cultivated by resident labor.
plantations:An estate on which crops such as coffee, sugar, and tobacco are grown.
planted:Put (a seed, bulb, or plant) in the ground so that it can grow.
planter:A manager or owner of a plantation.
planters:A manager or owner of a plantation.
planting:Put (a seed, bulb, or plant) in the ground so that it can grow.
plants:Put (a seed, bulb, or plant) in the ground so that it can grow.
plaque:An ornamental tablet, typically of metal, porcelain, or wood, that is fixed to a wall or other surface in commemoration of a person or event.
plaques:An ornamental tablet, typically of metal, porcelain, or wood, that is fixed to a wall or other surface in commemoration of a person or event.
plasm:The colourless fluid part of blood, lymph, or milk, in which corpuscles or fat globules are suspended.
plasma:The colorless fluid part of blood, lymph, or milk, in which corpuscles or fat globules are suspended.
plasmid:A genetic structure in a cell that can replicate independently of the chromosomes, typically a small circular DNA strand in the cytoplasm of a bacterium or protozoan. Plasmids are much used in the laboratory manipulation of genes.
plasmids:A genetic structure in a cell that can replicate independently of the chromosomes, typically a small circular DNA strand in the cytoplasm of a bacterium or protozoan. Plasmids are much used in the laboratory manipulation of genes.
plaster:Cover (a wall, ceiling, or other structure) with plaster.
plasterboard:A type of drywall made of plaster between two sheets of heavy paper.
plastered:Very drunk.
plasterer:A person whose job it is to apply plaster to walls, ceilings, or other surfaces.
plasterers:A person whose job it is to apply plaster to walls, ceilings, or other structures.
plastering:Cover (a wall, ceiling, or other structure) with plaster.
plasters:Cover (a wall, ceiling, or other structure) with plaster.
plasterwork:Plaster as part of the interior of a building, especially covering the surface of a wall or formed into decorative shapes and patterns.
plastic:A synthetic material made from a wide range of organic polymers such as polyethylene, PVC, nylon, etc., that can be molded into shape while soft and then set into a rigid or slightly elastic form.
plasticised:Made plastic or mouldable, especially by the addition of a plasticizer.
plasticisers:A substance (typically a solvent) added to a synthetic resin to produce or promote plasticity and flexibility and to reduce brittleness.
plasticity:The quality of being easily shaped or molded.
plastics:A synthetic material made from a wide range of organic polymers such as polyethylene, PVC, nylon, etc., that can be moulded into shape while soft, and then set into a rigid or slightly elastic form.
plate:Cover (a metal object) with a thin coating or film of a different metal.
plateau:An area of relatively level high ground.
plateaus:Reach a state of little or no change after a period of activity or progress.
plateaux:Reach a state of little or no change after a period of activity or progress.
plated:Cover (a metal object) with a thin coating of a different metal.
platelet:A small colorless disk-shaped cell fragment without a nucleus, found in large numbers in blood and involved in clotting.
platelets:A small colourless disc-shaped cell fragment without a nucleus, found in large numbers in blood and involved in clotting.
platen:The plate in a small letterpress printing press which presses the paper against the type.
platens:The plate in a small letterpress printing press which presses the paper against the type.
plates:Cover (a metal object) with a thin coating of a different metal.
platform:A raised level surface on which people or things can stand.
platforms:A raised level surface on which people or things can stand.
plating:A thin coating of gold, silver, or other metal.
platinum:A precious silvery-white metal, the chemical element of atomic number 78. It was first encountered by the Spanish in South America in the 16th century, and is used in jewelry, electrical contacts, laboratory equipment, and industrial catalysts.The grayish-white or silvery color of platinum.
platitude:A remark or statement, especially one with a moral content, that has been used too often to be interesting or thoughtful.
platitudes:A remark or statement, especially one with a moral content, that has been used too often to be interesting or thoughtful.
platitudinous:(of a remark or statement) used too often to be interesting or thoughtful; hackneyed.
plato:(c.429–c.347 BC), Greek philosopher. A disciple of Socrates and the teacher of Aristotle, he founded the Academy in Athens. His theory of “ideas” or “forms” contrasts abstract entities or universals with their objects or particulars in the material world. His philosophical writings are presented in the form of dialogues, and his political theories appear in the Republic.
platonic:(of love or friendship) intimate and affectionate but not sexual.
platoon:(in baseball and other sports) have (an athlete) play in rotation with one or more teammates at the same position.
platoons:(in South Africa) apply the platoon system to (a school)
platter:A large flat dish or plate, typically oval or circular in shape, used for serving food.
platters:A large flat dish or plate for serving food.
platypus:A semiaquatic egg-laying mammal which frequents lakes and streams in eastern Australia. It has a sensitive pliable bill shaped like that of a duck, webbed feet with venomous spurs, and dense fur.
platypuses:A semiaquatic egg-laying mammal which frequents lakes and streams in eastern Australia. It has a sensitive pliable bill shaped like that of a duck, webbed feet with venomous spurs, and dense fur.
plaudits:An expression of praise or approval.
plausibility:The quality of seeming reasonable or probable.
plausible:(of an argument or statement) seeming reasonable or probable.
plausibly:In a way that seems reasonable or probable.
play:Engage in activity for enjoyment and recreation rather than a serious or practical purpose.
playable:Able to be used or played.
playback:The reproduction of previously recorded sounds or moving images.
playboy:A wealthy man who spends his time enjoying himself, especially one who behaves irresponsibly or has many casual sexual relationships.
playboys:A wealthy man who spends his time enjoying himself, especially one who behaves irresponsibly or has many casual sexual relationships.
played:Engage in activity for enjoyment and recreation rather than a serious or practical purpose.
player:A person taking part in a sport or game.
players:A person taking part in a sport or game.
playfellow:A playmate.
playfellows:A playmate.
playful:Fond of games and amusement; lighthearted.
playfully:In a light-hearted manner.
playfulness:The quality of being light-hearted or full of fun.
playground:An outdoor area provided for children to play in, especially at a school or public park.
playgrounds:An outdoor area provided for children to play in, especially at a school or public park.
playgroup:A regular meeting of a group of preschool children at a particular place, organized by parents for their children to take part in supervised creative and social play.
playgroups:A regular meeting of a group of preschool children at a particular place, organized by parents for their children to take part in supervised creative and social play.
playhouse:A theater.
playing:Engage in activity for enjoyment and recreation rather than a serious or practical purpose.
playmate:A friend with whom a child plays.
playmates:A friend with whom a child plays.
playroom:A room in a house that is set aside for children to play in.
plays:Engage in activity for enjoyment and recreation rather than a serious or practical purpose.
plaything:A toy.
playthings:A toy.
playtime:Time for play or recreation.
playwright:A person who writes plays.
playwrights:A person who writes plays.
plaza:A public square, marketplace, or similar open space in a built-up area.
plazas:A public square, marketplace, or similar open space in a built-up area.
plea:A request made in an urgent and emotional manner.
plead:Make an emotional appeal.
pleaded:Make an emotional appeal.
pleading:The action of making an emotional or earnest appeal to someone.
pleadings:The action of making an emotional or earnest appeal to someone.
pleads:Make an emotional appeal.
pleas:A request made in an urgent and emotional manner.
pleasant:Giving a sense of happy satisfaction or enjoyment.
pleasanter:Giving a sense of happy satisfaction or enjoyment.
pleasantest:Giving a sense of happy satisfaction or enjoyment.
pleasantly:In an enjoyable or agreeable manner.
pleasantries:An inconsequential remark made as part of a polite conversation.
pleasantry:An inconsequential remark made as part of a polite conversation.
please:Cause to feel happy and satisfied.
pleased:Feeling or showing pleasure and satisfaction, especially at an event or a situation.
pleases:Cause to feel happy and satisfied.
pleasing:Satisfying or appealing.
pleasingly:In a satisfying or appealing manner.
pleasurable:Pleasing; enjoyable.
pleasure:Give sexual enjoyment or satisfaction to.
pleasures:Give sexual enjoyment or satisfaction to.
pleat:Fold into pleats.
pleated:Having or formed into pleats.
pleats:Fold into pleats.
pleb:An ordinary person, especially one from the lower social classes.
plebeian:(in ancient Rome) a commoner.
plebiscite:The direct vote of all the members of an electorate on an important public question such as a change in the constitution.
plebs:An ordinary person, especially one from the lower social classes.
plectrum:A thin flat piece of plastic, tortoiseshell, or other slightly flexible material held by or worn on the fingers and used to pluck the strings of a musical instrument such as a guitar.
plectrums:A thin flat piece of plastic, tortoiseshell, or other slightly flexible material held by or worn on the fingers and used to pluck the strings of a musical instrument such as a guitar.
pledge:Commit (a person or organization) by a solemn promise.
pledged:Commit (a person or organization) by a solemn promise.
pledges:Commit (a person or organization) by a solemn promise.
pledging:Commit (a person or organization) by a solemn promise.
plenary:A meeting or session attended by all participants at a conference or assembly.
plenipotentiary:A person, especially a diplomat, invested with the full power of independent action on behalf of their government, typically in a foreign country.
plenitude:An abundance.
plenteous:Plentiful.
plentiful:Existing in or yielding great quantities; abundant.
plenty:Used to emphasize the degree of something.
plenum:An assembly of all the members of a group or committee.
plethora:A large or excessive amount of (something)
pleura:Each of a pair of serous membranes lining the thorax and enveloping the lungs in humans and other mammals.
pleurisy:Inflammation of the pleurae, which impairs their lubricating function and causes pain when breathing. It is caused by pneumonia and other diseases of the chest or abdomen.
plexus:A network of nerves or vessels in the body.
pliable:Easily bent; flexible.
pliant:Pliable.
plied:A thickness or layer of a folded or laminated material.
plies:A thickness or layer of a folded or laminated material.
plight:A dangerous, difficult, or otherwise unfortunate situation.
plights:A dangerous, difficult, or otherwise unfortunate situation.
plimsolls:A light rubber-soled canvas shoe, worn especially for sports.
plinth:A heavy base supporting a statue or vase.
plinths:A heavy base supporting a statue or vase.
plod:Walk doggedly and slowly with heavy steps.
plodded:Walk doggedly and slowly with heavy steps.
plodder:A person who walks doggedly and slowly with heavy steps.
plodding:Slow-moving and unexciting.
plods:Walk doggedly and slowly with heavy steps.
plop:Fall or cause to fall with a plop.
plopped:Fall or cause to fall with a plop.
plopping:Fall or cause to fall with a plop.
plops:Fall or cause to fall with a plop.
plosive:A plosive speech sound. The basic plosives in English are t, k, and p (voiceless) and d, g, and b (voiced).
plot:Secretly make plans to carry out (an illegal or harmful action)
plots:Secretly make plans to carry out (an illegal or harmful action)
plotted:Secretly make plans to carry out (an illegal or harmful action)
plotter:Someone who secretly makes plans to do something illegal or harmful; a conspirator.
plotters:Someone who secretly makes plans to do something illegal or harmful; a conspirator.
plotting:Secretly make plans to carry out (an illegal or harmful action)
plough:Turn up the earth of (an area of land) with a plough, especially before sowing.
ploughed:(of an area of land) having had the earth turned up with a plough, especially before sowing.
ploughing:Turn up the earth of (an area of land) with a plough, especially before sowing.
ploughman:A person who uses a plough.
ploughmen:A person who uses a plough.
ploughs:Turn up the earth of (an area of land) with a plough, especially before sowing.
ploughshare:The main cutting blade of a plough, behind the coulter.
ploughshares:The main cutting blade of a plough, behind the coulter.
plover:A short-billed gregarious wading bird, typically found by water but sometimes frequenting grassland, tundra, and mountains.
plovers:A short-billed gregarious wading bird, typically found by water but sometimes frequenting grassland, tundra, and mountains.
ploy:A cunning plan or action designed to turn a situation to one's own advantage.
ploys:A cunning plan or action designed to turn a situation to one's own advantage.
pluck:Take hold of (something) and quickly remove it from its place.
plucked:Take hold of (something) and quickly remove it from its place.
pluckier:Having or showing determined courage in the face of difficulties.
pluckiest:Having or showing determined courage in the face of difficulties.
plucking:Take hold of (something) and quickly remove it from its place.
plucks:Take hold of (something) and quickly remove it from its place.
plucky:Having or showing determined courage in the face of difficulties.
plug:Block or fill in (a hole or cavity)
plugged:Block or fill in (a hole or cavity)
plugging:Block or fill in (a hole or cavity)
plughole:A hole at the lowest point of a bath, basin, or sink, down which waste water drains away and which can be stopped with a plug.
plugs:Block or fill in (a hole or cavity)
plum:variant spelling of plumb
plumage:A bird's feathers collectively.
plumages:A bird's feathers collectively.
plumb:A plumb bob.
plumbago:old-fashioned term for graphite
plumbed:Measure (the depth of a body of water)
plumber:A person who installs and repairs the pipes and fittings of water supply, sanitation, or heating systems.
plumbers:A person who fits and repairs the pipes, fittings, and other apparatus of water supply, sanitation, or heating systems.
plumbing:The system of pipes, tanks, fittings, and other apparatus required for the water supply, heating, and sanitation in a building.
plumbs:Measure (the depth of a body of water)
plume:Spread out in a shape resembling a feather.
plumed:Decorated with or as if with feathers.
plumes:Spread out in a shape resembling a feather.
pluming:Spread out in a shape resembling a feather.
plummet:Fall or drop straight down at high speed.
plummeted:Fall or drop straight down at high speed.
plummeting:Fall or drop straight down at high speed.
plummets:Fall or drop straight down at high speed.
plummy:Resembling a plum in taste, scent, or color.
plump:Shake or pat (a cushion or pillow) to adjust its stuffing and make it rounded and soft.
plumped:Shake or pat (a cushion or pillow) to adjust its stuffing and make it rounded and soft.
plumper:Shake or pat (a cushion or pillow) to adjust its stuffing and make it rounded and soft.
plumping:Shake or pat (a cushion or pillow) to adjust its stuffing and make it rounded and soft.
plumpness:The quality of having a full rounded shape.
plums:variant spelling of plumb
plumy:Resembling or decorated with feathers.
plunder:Steal goods from (a place or person), typically using force and in a time of war or civil disorder.
plundered:Steal goods from (a place or person), typically using force and in a time of war or civil disorder.
plundering:Steal goods from (a place or person), typically using force and in a time of war or civil disorder.
plunders:Steal goods from (a place or person), typically using force and in a time of war or civil disorder.
plunge:Jump or dive quickly and energetically.
plunged:Jump or dive quickly and energetically.
plunger:A device consisting of a rubber cup on a long handle, used to clear blocked pipes by means of water pressure.
plungers:A part of a device or mechanism that works with a plunging or thrusting movement.
plunges:Jump or dive quickly and energetically.
plunging:Falling steeply.
pluperfect:The past perfect tense.
plural:A plural word or form.
pluralise:Cause to become more numerous.
pluralised:Cause to become more numerous.
pluralising:Cause to become more numerous.
pluralism:A condition or system in which two or more states, groups, principles, sources of authority, etc., coexist.
pluralist:An advocate of a system in which two or more states, groups, principles, sources of authority, etc., coexist.
pluralistic:Relating to or advocating a system in which two or more states, groups, principles, sources of authority, etc., coexist.
pluralists:An advocate of a system in which two or more states, groups, principles, sources of authority, etc., coexist.
plurality:The fact or state of being plural.
plurals:A plural word or form.
plus:With the addition of.
pluses:With the addition of.
plush:A rich fabric of silk, cotton, wool, or a combination of these, with a long, soft nap.
plushy:A soft toy.
pluto:A small planetary body orbiting the sun, discovered in 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh.
plutocracy:Government by the wealthy.
plutocrats:A person whose power derives from their wealth.
plutonic:Relating to or denoting igneous rock formed by solidification at considerable depth beneath the earth's surface.
plutonium:The chemical element of atomic number 94, a dense silvery radioactive metal of the actinide series, used as a fuel in nuclear reactors and as an explosive in nuclear fission weapons. Plutonium only occurs in trace amounts in nature but is manufactured in nuclear reactors from uranium-238.
ply:A thickness or layer of a folded or laminated material.
plying:A thickness or layer of a folded or laminated material.
plywood:A type of strong thin wooden board consisting of two or more layers glued and pressed together with the direction of the grain alternating, and usually sold in sheets of four by eight feet.
pneumatic:An item of pneumatic equipment.
pneumatics:The branch of physics or technology concerned with the mechanical properties of gases.
pneumonia:Lung inflammation caused by bacterial or viral infection, in which the air sacs fill with pus and may become solid. Inflammation may affect both lungs (double pneumonia), one lung (single pneumonia), or only certain lobes (lobar pneumonia).
poach:Cook (an egg) without its shell in or over boiling water.
poached:Cook (an egg) without its shell in or over boiling water.
poacher:A pan for cooking eggs or other food by poaching.
poachers:A pan for cooking eggs or other food by poaching.
poaches:Cook (an egg) without its shell in or over boiling water.
poaching:Cook (an egg) without its shell in or over boiling water.
pock:A pockmark.
pocket:Put into one's pocket.
pocketbook:A woman's handbag.
pocketed:Put into one's pocket.
pocketing:Put into one's pocket.
pockets:Put into one's pocket.
pockmarked:Covered or disfigured with pockmarks.
pocks:A pockmark.
pod:(of a plant) bear or form pods.
podded:(of a plant) bear or form pods.
podgy:(of a person or part of their body) somewhat fat; chubby.
podia:(of a competitor in a sporting event) finish first, second, or third, so as to appear on a podium to receive an award.
podium:A small platform on which a person may stand to be seen by an audience, as when making a speech or conducting an orchestra.
podiums:(of a competitor in a sporting event) finish first, second, or third, so as to appear on a podium to receive an award.
pods:(of a plant) bear or form pods.
poem:A piece of writing that partakes of the nature of both speech and song that is nearly always rhythmical, usually metaphorical, and often exhibits such formal elements as meter, rhyme, and stanzaic structure.
poems:A piece of writing in which the expression of feelings and ideas is given intensity by particular attention to diction (sometimes involving rhyme), rhythm, and imagery.
poet:A person who writes poems.
poetess:A female poet.
poetic:Relating to or used in poetry.
poetical:Relating to poetry.
poetically:By means of or in relation to poetry.
poetics:The art of writing poetry.
poetise:Write or speak in verse or in a poetic style.
poetry:Literary work in which special intensity is given to the expression of feelings and ideas by the use of distinctive style and rhythm; poems collectively or as a genre of literature.
poets:A person who writes poems.
pogo:A toy for jumping around on, consisting of a long, spring-loaded pole with a handle at the top and rests for a person's feet near the bottom.
pogrom:An organized massacre of a particular ethnic group, in particular that of Jewish people in Russia or eastern Europe in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
pogroms:An organized massacre of a particular ethnic group, in particular that of Jewish people in Russia or eastern Europe in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
poignancy:The quality of evoking a keen sense of sadness or regret.
poignant:Evoking a keen sense of sadness or regret.
poignantly:In a way that evokes a keen sense of sadness or regret.
poinsettias:A small Mexican shrub with large showy scarlet bracts surrounding the small yellow flowers, popular as a houseplant at Christmas.
point:Direct someone's attention toward something by extending one's finger or something held in one's hand.
pointed:Having a sharpened or tapered tip or end.
pointedly:In a direct and unambiguous way, often indicating criticism or displeasure.
pointer:A long, thin piece of metal on a scale or dial which moves to indicate a figure or position.
pointers:(in the northern hemisphere) two stars of the Big Dipper in Ursa Major, through which a line points nearly to Polaris.
pointillism:A technique of neo-impressionist painting using tiny dots of various pure colors, which become blended in the viewer's eye. It was developed by Georges Seurat with the aim of producing a greater degree of luminosity and brilliance of color.
pointing:Cement or mortar used to fill the joints of brickwork or masonry, especially when added externally to a wall to improve its appearance and weatherproofing.
pointless:Having little or no sense, use, or purpose.
points:Direct someone's attention towards something by extending one's finger or something held in one's hand.
pointy:Having a pointed tip or end.
poise:Be or cause to be balanced or suspended.
poised:Having a composed and self-assured manner.
poises:Be or cause to be balanced or suspended.
poising:Be or cause to be balanced or suspended.
poison:Administer poison to (a person or animal), either deliberately or accidentally.
poisoned:Administer poison to (a person or animal), either deliberately or accidentally.
poisoning:The action of administering poison to a person or animal.
poisonous:(of a substance or plant) causing or capable of causing death or illness if taken into the body.
poisons:Administer poison to (a person or animal), either deliberately or accidentally.
poke:Jab or prod (someone or something), especially with one's finger.
poked:Jab or prod (someone or something) with one's finger or a sharp object.
poker:A metal rod with a handle, used for prodding and stirring an open fire.
pokers:A metal rod with a handle, used for prodding and stirring an open fire.
pokes:Jab or prod (someone or something) with one's finger or a sharp object.
poking:Jab or prod (someone or something) with one's finger or a sharp object.
poky:Annoyingly slow or dull.
poland:A country in central Europe with a coastline on the Baltic Sea; population 38,600,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Warsaw; language, Polish (official).
polar:The straight line joining the two points at which tangents from a fixed point touch a conic section.
polarisation:Division into two sharply contrasting groups or sets of opinions or beliefs.
polarised:Restrict the vibrations of (a transverse wave, especially light) wholly or partially to one direction.
polarity:The property of having poles or being polar.
polder:A piece of low-lying land reclaimed from the sea or a river and protected by dikes, especially in the Netherlands.
pole:Propel (a boat) by pushing a pole against the bottom of a river, canal, or lake.
polecat:A weasel-like Eurasian mammal (genus Mustela, family Mustelidae) with mainly dark brown fur and a darker mask across the eyes, noted for ejecting a fetid fluid when threatened.
poled:Propel (a boat) by pushing a pole against the bottom of a river, canal, or lake.
polemic:A strong verbal or written attack on someone or something.
polemical:Relating to or involving strongly critical, controversial, or disputatious writing or speech.
polemicist:A person who engages in controversial debate.
polemics:A strong verbal or written attack on someone or something.
poles:Propel (a boat) by pushing a pole against the bottom of a river, canal, or lake.
police:(of a police force) have the duty of maintaining law and order in or for (an area or event).
policed:(of a police force) have the duty of maintaining law and order in or at (an area or event).
policeman:A member of a police force.
policemen:A male member of a police force.
polices:(of a police force) have the duty of maintaining law and order in or at (an area or event).
policewoman:A female member of a police force.
policewomen:A female member of a police force.
policies:A course or principle of action adopted or proposed by an organization or individual.
policing:The maintenance of law and order by a police force.
policy:A course or principle of action adopted or proposed by a government, party, business, or individual.
policyholder:A person or group in whose name an insurance policy is held.
polish:Make the surface of (something) smooth and shiny by rubbing it.
polished:Shiny as a result of being rubbed.
polishes:Make the surface of (something) smooth and shiny by rubbing it.
polishing:Make the surface of (something) smooth and shiny by rubbing it.
politburo:The principal policymaking committee of a communist party.
polite:Having or showing behavior that is respectful and considerate of other people.
politely:In a respectful and considerate manner.
politeness:Behavior that is respectful and considerate of other people.
politic:Engage in political activity.
political:Relating to the government or the public affairs of a country.
politically:In a way that relates to the government or public affairs of a country.
politician:A person who is professionally involved in politics, especially as a holder of or a candidate for an elected office.
politicians:A person who is professionally involved in politics, especially as a holder of an elected office.
politicise:Cause (an activity or event) to become political in character.
politicised:(of an activity or event) made political in character.
politicking:The action or practice of engaging in political activity.
politics:The activities associated with the governance of a country or other area, especially the debate or conflict among individuals or parties having or hoping to achieve power.
polity:A form or process of civil government or constitution.
polka:A lively dance of Bohemian origin in duple time.
polkas:Dance the polka.
poll:Record the opinion or vote of.
polled:(of cattle, sheep, or goats) lacking horns, either naturally or because they have been removed.
pollen:A fine powdery substance, typically yellow, consisting of microscopic grains discharged from the male part of a flower or from a male cone. Each grain contains a male gamete that can fertilize the female ovule, to which pollen is transported by the wind, insects, or other animals.
pollens:A fine powdery substance, typically yellow, consisting of microscopic grains discharged from the male part of a flower or from a male cone. Each grain contains a male gamete that can fertilize the female ovule, to which pollen is transported by the wind, insects, or other animals.
pollinate:Convey pollen to or deposit pollen on (a stigma, ovule, flower, or plant) and so allow fertilization.
pollinated:Convey pollen to or deposit pollen on (a stigma, ovule, flower, or plant) and so allow fertilization.
pollination:The transfer of pollen to a stigma, ovule, flower, or plant to allow fertilization.
pollinator:An insect or other agent that conveys pollen to a plant and so allows fertilization.
polling:Record the opinion or vote of.
polls:Record the opinion or vote of.
pollster:A person who conducts or analyzes opinion polls.
pollutant:A substance that pollutes something, especially water or the atmosphere.
pollutants:A substance that pollutes something, especially water or the atmosphere.
pollute:Contaminate (water, air, or a place) with harmful or poisonous substances.
polluted:Contaminated with harmful or poisonous substances.
polluter:A person or thing responsible for contaminating the environment with harmful or poisonous substances.
polluting:Contaminate (water, the air, etc.) with harmful or poisonous substances.
pollution:The presence in or introduction into the environment of a substance or thing that has harmful or poisonous effects.
polo:A game of Eastern origin resembling field hockey, played on horseback with a long-handled mallet.
polonaise:A slow dance of Polish origin in triple time, consisting chiefly of an intricate march or procession.
polonium:The chemical element of atomic number 84, a radioactive metal occurring in nature only as a product of radioactive decay of uranium.
poltergeist:A ghost or other supernatural being supposedly responsible for physical disturbances such as loud noises and objects thrown around.
poltroon:An utter coward.
polyandry:Polygamy in which a woman has more than one husband.
polyatomic:Consisting of many atoms.
polycarbonate:A synthetic resin in which the polymer units are linked through carbonate groups, including many molding materials and films.
polychromatic:Of two or more colors; multicolored.
polychrome:Execute or decorate (a work of art) in several colors.
polycotton:Fabric made from a mixture of cotton and polyester fibre.
polycrystalline:(of a metal or other solid) consisting of many crystalline parts that are randomly oriented with respect to each other.
polyester:A synthetic resin in which the polymer units are linked by ester groups, used chiefly to make synthetic textile fibers.
polyethylene:A tough, light, flexible synthetic resin made by polymerizing ethylene, chiefly used for plastic bags, food containers, and other packaging.
polygamous:Practicing, relating to, or involving polygamy.
polygamy:The practice or custom of having more than one wife or husband at the same time.
polyglot:A person who knows and is able to use several languages.
polygon:A plane figure with at least three straight sides and angles, and typically five or more.
polygons:A plane figure with at least three straight sides and angles, and typically five or more.
polygraph:A machine designed to detect and record changes in physiological characteristics, such as a person's pulse and breathing rates, used especially as a lie detector.
polygyny:Polygamy in which a man has more than one wife.
polyhedra:A solid figure with many plane faces, typically more than six.
polymath:A person of wide-ranging knowledge or learning.
polymer:A substance that has a molecular structure consisting chiefly or entirely of a large number of similar units bonded together, e.g., many synthetic organic materials used as plastics and resins.
polymerase:An enzyme which brings about the formation of a particular polymer, especially DNA or RNA.
polymers:A substance which has a molecular structure built up chiefly or completely from a large number of similar units bonded together, e.g. many synthetic organic materials used as plastics and resins.
polymorphic:Occurring in several different forms, in particular with reference to species or genetic variation.
polymorphism:The condition of occurring in several different forms.
polymorphisms:The condition of occurring in several different forms.
polymorphous:Occurring in several different forms or stages.
polynomial:An expression of more than two algebraic terms, especially the sum of several terms that contain different powers of the same variable(s).
polynomials:An expression of more than two algebraic terms, especially the sum of several terms that contain different powers of the same variable(s).
polyp:A solitary or colonial sedentary form of a coelenterate such as a sea anemone, typically having a columnar body with the mouth uppermost surrounded by a ring of tentacles. In some species, polyps are a phase in the life cycle which alternates with a medusoid phase.
polypeptide:A linear organic polymer consisting of a large number of amino-acid residues bonded together in a chain, forming part of (or the whole of) a protein molecule.
polyphonic:Producing many sounds simultaneously; many-voiced.
polyphony:The style of simultaneously combining a number of parts, each forming an individual melody and harmonizing with each other.
polypropylene:A synthetic resin that is a polymer of propylene, used especially for ropes, fabrics, and molded objects.
polyps:A solitary or colonial sedentary form of a coelenterate such as a sea anemone, typically having a columnar body with the mouth uppermost surrounded by a ring of tentacles. In some species, polyps are a phase in the life cycle which alternates with a medusoid phase.
polysaccharide:A carbohydrate (e.g. starch, cellulose, or glycogen) whose molecules consist of a number of sugar molecules bonded together.
polysyllabic:(of a word) having more than one syllable.
polytechnic:An institution of higher education offering courses in many subjects, especially vocational or technical subjects.
polytheism:The belief in or worship of more than one god.
polytheistic:Relating to or characterized by belief in or worship of more than one god.
polythene:another term for polyethylene
polyunsaturated:(of an organic compound, especially a fat or oil molecule) containing several double or triple bonds between carbon atoms. Polyunsaturated fats, which are usually of plant origin, are regarded as healthier in the diet than saturated fats.
polyurethane:Coat or protect with polyurethane.
pomade:Apply pomade to.
pomegranate:An orange-sized fruit with a tough reddish outer skin and sweet red gelatinous flesh containing many seeds.
pomegranates:A spherical fruit with a tough golden-orange outer skin and sweet red gelatinous flesh containing many seeds.
pomelo:The largest of the citrus fruits, with a thick yellow skin and bitter pulp which resembles grapefruit in flavor.
pomp:Ceremony and splendid display, especially at a public event.
pompadour:Arrange (hair) in a pompadour.
pompey:(106–48 BC), Roman general and statesman; Latin name Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus ; known as Pompey the Great. He founded the First Triumvirate, but later quarreled with Julius Caesar, who defeated him at the battle of Pharsalus. He then fled to Egypt, where he was murdered.
pomposity:The quality of being pompous; self-importance.
pompous:Affectedly and irritatingly grand, solemn, or self-important.
ponce:Ask for or obtain (something to which one is not strictly entitled)
poncho:A garment of a type originally worn in South America, made of a thick piece of woolen cloth with a slit in the middle for the head.
pond:Hold back or dam up (flowing water or another liquid) to form a small lake.
ponder:Think about (something) carefully, especially before making a decision or reaching a conclusion.
pondered:Think about (something) carefully, especially before making a decision or reaching a conclusion.
pondering:Think about (something) carefully, especially before making a decision or reaching a conclusion.
ponderous:Slow and clumsy because of great weight.
ponders:Think about (something) carefully, especially before making a decision or reaching a conclusion.
ponds:Hold back or dam up (flowing water or another liquid) to form a pond.
ponies:Pay a sum of money, especially as a contribution or unavoidable expense.
pontiff:The Pope.
pontifical:(in the Roman Catholic Church) an office book of the Western Church containing rites to be performed by the Pope or bishops.
pontificate:Express one's opinions in a way considered annoyingly pompous and dogmatic.
pontificated:Express one's opinions in a pompous and dogmatic way.
pontificating:Express one's opinions in a pompous and dogmatic way.
pontoon:A flat-bottomed boat or hollow metal cylinder used with others to support a temporary bridge or floating landing stage.
pony:Pay (money), especially as a contribution or an unavoidable expense.
ponytail:A hairstyle in which the hair is drawn back and tied at the back of the head, causing it to hang down like a pony's tail.
pooch:A dog.
pooches:A dog.
poodle:A dog of a breed (of which there are several varieties) with a curly coat that is often ornamentally clipped. Poodle breeds are classified by size.
poof:Used to convey the suddenness with which someone or something disappears.
pooh:Excrement.An act of defecating.
pool:A small area of still water, typically one formed naturally.
pooled:(of liquid) form a pool on the ground or another surface.
pooling:(of liquid) form a pool on the ground or another surface.
pools:(of liquid) form a pool on the ground or another surface.
poop:(of a wave) break over the stern of (a ship), sometimes causing it to capsize.
poor:Lacking sufficient money to live at a standard considered comfortable or normal in a society.
poorer:Lacking sufficient money to live at a standard considered comfortable or normal in a society.
poorest:Lacking sufficient money to live at a standard considered comfortable or normal in a society.
poorly:In a way or at a level that is considered inadequate.
poorness:The state of lacking or being deficient in some desirable quality or constituent.
pop:Make a light explosive sound.
popcorn:Corn of a variety with hard kernels that swell up and burst open with a pop when heated.
pope:The Bishop of Rome as head of the Roman Catholic Church.
popes:The Bishop of Rome as head of the Roman Catholic Church.
poplar:A tall, fast-growing tree of north temperate regions, widely grown in shelter belts and for timber and pulp.
poplars:A tall, fast-growing tree of north temperate regions, widely grown in shelter belts and for timber and pulp.
popped:Make a light explosive sound.
popper:A utensil for popping corn.
poppet:An endearingly sweet or pretty child or young girl (often used as an affectionate form of address)
poppies:A herbaceous plant with showy flowers, milky sap, and rounded seed capsules. Many poppies contain alkaloids and are a source of drugs such as morphine and codeine.
popping:Make a light explosive sound.
poppy:A herbaceous plant with showy flowers, milky sap, and rounded seed capsules. Many poppies contain alkaloids and are a source of drugs such as morphine and codeine.
poppycock:Nonsense.
pops:Make a light explosive sound.
populace:The people living in a particular country or area.
popular:Liked, admired, or enjoyed by many people or by a particular person or group.
popularise:Cause (something) to become generally liked.
popularity:The state or condition of being liked, admired, or supported by many people.
popularly:By many or most people; generally.
populate:Form the population of (a town, area, or country)
populated:Inhabited.
population:All the inhabitants of a particular town, area, or country.
populations:All the inhabitants of a particular place.
populist:A person, especially a politician, who strives to appeal to ordinary people who feel that their concerns are disregarded by established elite groups.
populous:Having a large population; densely populated.
porcelain:A white vitrified translucent ceramic; china.
porch:A covered shelter projecting in front of the entrance of a building.
porches:A covered shelter projecting in front of the entrance of a building.
porcine:Of, affecting, or resembling a pig or pigs.
porcupine:A large rodent with defensive spines or quills on the body and tail.
porcupines:A large rodent with defensive spines or quills on the body and tail.
pore:A minute opening in a surface, especially the skin or integument of an organism, through which gases, liquids, or microscopic particles can pass.
pores:A minute opening in a surface, especially the skin or integument of an organism, through which gases, liquids, or microscopic particles may pass.
poring:A minute opening in a surface, especially the skin or integument of an organism, through which gases, liquids, or microscopic particles may pass.
pork:(of a man) have sex with.
porker:A pig raised for food.
porky:(of a person or part of their body) fleshy or fat.
porn:Pornography.
porno:A pornographic film.
pornographer:A person who produces or publishes pornography.
pornographic:Constituting or resembling pornography; obscene.
pornography:Printed or visual material containing the explicit description or display of sexual organs or activity, intended to stimulate erotic rather than aesthetic or emotional feelings.
porosity:The quality or degree of having minute spaces or holes through which liquid or air may pass.
porous:(of a rock or other material) having minute spaces or holes through which liquid or air may pass.
porphyry:A hard igneous rock containing crystals, usually of feldspar, in a fine-grained, typically reddish groundmass.
porpoise:A small toothed whale with a low triangular dorsal fin and a blunt rounded snout.
porridge:A dish consisting of oatmeal or another meal or cereal boiled in water or milk.
port:A town or city with a harbor where ships load or unload, especially one where customs officers are stationed.
portability:The ability to be easily carried or moved.
portable:A version of something, such as a small lightweight television or computer, that can be easily carried.
portables:A small version of something, such as a television, that can be easily carried.
portage:Carry (a boat or its cargo) between navigable waters.
portal:A doorway, gate, or other entrance, especially a large and imposing one.
portcullis:A strong, heavy grating that can be lowered down grooves on each side of a gateway to block it.
ported:A town or city with a harbour or access to navigable water where ships load or unload.
portend:Be a sign or warning that (something, especially something momentous or calamitous) is likely to happen.
portending:Be a sign or warning that (something, especially something momentous or calamitous) is likely to happen.
portent:A sign or warning that something, especially something momentous or calamitous, is likely to happen.
portentous:Of or like a portent.
porter:A person employed to carry luggage and other loads, especially in a railroad station, airport, or hotel.
porters:A person employed to carry luggage and other loads, especially in a railway station, airport, hotel, or market.
portfolio:A large, thin, flat case for loose sheets of paper such as drawings or maps.
porthole:A small exterior window in a ship or aircraft.
portico:A structure consisting of a roof supported by columns at regular intervals, typically attached as a porch to a building.
portion:Divide (something) into parts; share out.
portions:Divide (something) into parts; share out.
portly:Having a stout body; somewhat fat (used especially of a man)
portmanteau:A large trunk or suitcase, typically made of stiff leather and opening into two equal parts.
portrait:A painting, drawing, photograph, or engraving of a person, especially one depicting only the face or head and shoulders.
portraits:A painting, drawing, photograph, or engraving of a person, especially one depicting only the face or head and shoulders.
portraiture:The art of creating portraits.
portray:Depict (someone or something) in a work of art or literature.
portrayal:A depiction of someone or something in a work of art or literature.
portrayals:A depiction of someone or something in a work of art or literature; a picture.
portrayed:Depict (someone or something) in a work of art or literature.
portraying:Depict (someone or something) in a work of art or literature.
portrays:Depict (someone or something) in a work of art or literature.
ports:A town or city with a harbour or access to navigable water where ships load or unload.
portugal:A country occupying the western part of the Iberian peninsula in southwestern Europe; population 10,300,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Portuguese; capital, Lisbon.
pose:Present or constitute (a problem, danger, or difficulty)
posed:Present or constitute (a problem or danger)
poseidon:The god of the sea, water, earthquakes, and horses, son of Cronus and Rhea and brother of Zeus. He is often depicted with a trident in his hand.
poser:A person who acts in an affected manner in order to impress others.
posers:A person who poses; a poseur.
poses:Present or constitute (a problem or danger)
poseur:another term for poser
posh:The quality of being elegant, stylish, or upper class.
posies:A small bunch of flowers.
posing:Present or constitute (a problem or danger)
posit:Assume as a fact; put forward as a basis of argument.
posited:Put forward as fact or as a basis for argument.
positing:Put forward as fact or as a basis for argument.
position:Put or arrange (someone or something) in a particular place or way.
positional:Relating to or determined by position.
positioned:Put or arrange (someone or something) in a particular place or way.
positioning:Put or arrange (someone or something) in a particular place or way.
positions:Put or arrange (someone or something) in a particular place or way.
positive:A good, affirmative, or constructive quality or attribute.
positively:In a positive way, especially by expressing optimism, agreement, or acceptance.
positives:A desirable or constructive quality or attribute.
positivism:A philosophical system that holds that every rationally justifiable assertion can be scientifically verified or is capable of logical or mathematical proof, and that therefore rejects metaphysics and theism.
positivist:An adherent of the philosophical or legal theories of positivism.
positron:A subatomic particle with the same mass as an electron and a numerically equal but positive charge.
posits:Put forward as fact or as a basis for argument.
posse:A body of men, typically armed, summoned by a sheriff to enforce the law.
possess:Have as belonging to one; own.
possessed:(of a person) completely controlled by an evil spirit.
possesses:Have as belonging to one; own.
possessing:Have as belonging to one; own.
possession:The state of having, owning, or controlling something.
possessions:The state of having, owning, or controlling something.
possessive:A possessive word or form.
possessives:A possessive word or form.
possessor:A person who owns something or has a particular quality.
possessors:A person who owns something or has a particular quality.
possibilities:A thing that may happen or be the case.
possibility:A thing that may happen or be the case.
possible:A person or thing that has the potential to become or do something, especially a potential candidate for a job or membership on a team.
possibles:A potential candidate for a job or team.
possibly:Perhaps (used to indicate doubt or hesitancy)
possum:An opossum.
post:Display (a notice) in a public place.
postage:The sending or conveying of letters and parcels by mail.
postal:another term for postcard
postbox:A large public box with a slot into which post is placed for collection by the post office; a mailbox.
postcard:A card for sending a message by mail without an envelope, typically having a photograph or other illustration on one side.
postcards:A card for sending a message by post without an envelope, typically having a photograph or other illustration on one side.
postcode:A group of numbers or letters and numbers which are added to a postal address to assist the sorting of mail.
posted:Display (a notice) in a public place.
poster:A large printed picture used for decoration.
posterior:A person's buttocks.
posterity:All future generations of people.
posters:Put up posters in an area.
postgraduate:A student engaged in a postgraduate course of study.
posthumous:Occurring, awarded, or appearing after the death of the originator.
posthumously:After the death of the originator.
posting:An appointment to a job, especially one abroad or in the armed forces.
postings:An appointment to a job, especially one abroad or in the armed forces.
postlude:A concluding piece of music, especially an organ piece played at the end of a religious service.
postman:A person who is employed to deliver or collect letters and parcels; a mail carrier.
postmark:Stamp (a letter or other postal package) officially with a postmark.
postmaster:A person in charge of a post office.
postmodern:Subsequent to or coming later than that which is modern.
postmodernism:A late-20th-century style and concept in the arts, architecture, and criticism that represents a departure from modernism and has at its heart a general distrust of grand theories and ideologies as well as a problematical relationship with any notion of “art.”.
postmodernist:A believer in or supporter of postmodernism.
postmortem:After death.
postnatal:Of, relating to, characteristic of, or denoting the period after childbirth.
postoperative:During, relating to, or denoting the period following a surgical operation.
postpone:Cause or arrange for (something) to take place at a time later than that first scheduled.
postponed:Cause or arrange for (something) to take place at a time later than that first scheduled.
postponement:The action of postponing something; deferral.
postponing:Cause or arrange for (something) to take place at a time later than that first scheduled.
posts:Display (a notice) in a public place.
postscript:An additional remark at the end of a letter, after the signature and introduced by “P.S.”
postulate:Suggest or assume the existence, fact, or truth of (something) as a basis for reasoning, discussion, or belief.
postulated:Suggest or assume the existence, fact, or truth of (something) as a basis for reasoning, discussion, or belief.
postulates:Suggest or assume the existence, fact, or truth of (something) as a basis for reasoning, discussion, or belief.
postulating:Suggest or assume the existence, fact, or truth of (something) as a basis for reasoning, discussion, or belief.
postulation:A suggestion or assumption of the existence, fact, or truth of something as a basis for reasoning, discussion, or belief.
posture:Behave in a way that is intended to impress or mislead.
posturing:Behavior that is intended to impress or mislead.
posy:A small bunch of flowers.
pot:Plant in a flowerpot.
potable:Safe to drink; drinkable.
potash:An alkaline potassium compound, especially potassium carbonate or hydroxide.
potassium:The chemical element of atomic number 19, a soft silvery-white reactive metal of the alkali metal group.
potato:A starchy plant tuber which is one of the most important food crops, cooked and eaten as a vegetable.
potch:Opal which has no play of colour and is of no value.
potency:The power of something to influence or make an impression.
potent:Having great power, influence, or effect.
potentate:A monarch or ruler, especially an autocratic one.
potentates:A monarch or ruler, especially an autocratic one.
potential:Latent qualities or abilities that may be developed and lead to future success or usefulness.
potentiality:Latent qualities or abilities that may be developed and lead to future success or usefulness.
potentially:With the capacity to develop or happen in the future.
potentiometer:An instrument for measuring an electromotive force by balancing it against the potential difference produced by passing a known current through a known variable resistance.
pothole:Produce potholes in (the ground)
potion:A liquid with healing, magical, or poisonous properties.
potions:A liquid with healing, magical, or poisonous properties.
potpourri:A mixture of dried petals and spices placed in a bowl or small sack to perfume clothing or a room.
pots:Plant in a flowerpot.
potsherds:A broken piece of ceramic material, especially one found on an archaeological site.
potshot:A shot aimed unexpectedly or at random at someone or something with no chance of self-defense.
pottage:Soup or stew.
potted:(of a plant) planted or grown in a flowerpot and usually kept indoors.
potters:Occupy oneself in a desultory but pleasant way.
pottery:Pots, dishes, and other articles made of earthenware or baked clay. Pottery can be broadly divided into earthenware, porcelain, and stoneware.
potties:A bowl used by small children as a toilet.
potting:Plant in a flowerpot.
potty:A bowl used by small children as a toilet.
pouch:Put into a pouch.
pouffe:A cushioned footstool or low seat with no back.
poult:A young domestic chicken, turkey, pheasant, or other fowl being raised for food.
poulterer:A dealer in poultry and, typically, game.
poultice:Apply a poultice to.
poultry:Domestic fowl, such as chickens, turkeys, ducks, and geese.
pounce:(of an animal or bird of prey) spring or swoop suddenly so as to catch prey.
pounced:(of an animal or bird of prey) spring or swoop suddenly so as to catch prey.
pouncing:(of an animal or bird of prey) spring or swoop suddenly so as to catch prey.
pound:A unit of weight in general use equal to 16 oz. avoirdupois (0.4536 kg).A unit of weight equal to 12 oz. troy (0.3732 kg) used for precious metals.
poundage:Weight, especially when regarded as excessive.
pounded:A unit of weight equal to 16 oz. avoirdupois (0.4536 kg), or 12 oz. troy (0.3732 kg).
pounding:Repeated and heavy striking or hitting of someone or something.
pounds:A unit of weight equal to 16 oz. avoirdupois (0.4536 kg), or 12 oz. troy (0.3732 kg).
pour:Flow rapidly in a steady stream.
poured:Flow rapidly in a steady stream.
pouring:Flow rapidly in a steady stream.
pours:Flow rapidly in a steady stream.
pout:Push one's lips or one's bottom lip forward as an expression of petulant annoyance or in order to make oneself look sexually attractive.
pouted:Push one's lips or one's bottom lip forward as an expression of petulant annoyance or in order to make oneself look sexually attractive.
pouting:Pushing one's lips or one's bottom lip forward as an expression of annoyance or in order to look sexually attractive.
pouts:Push one's lips or one's bottom lip forward as an expression of petulant annoyance or in order to make oneself look sexually attractive.
poverty:The state of being extremely poor.
powder:Apply powder to (the face or body)
powdered:In the form of powder.
powders:Apply cosmetic powder to (the face or body)
powdery:Consisting of or resembling powder.
power:Supply (a device) with mechanical or electrical energy.
powerboat:A fast motorboat designed for racing or recreation.
powered:Supply (a device) with mechanical or electrical energy.
powerful:Very.
powerfully:With great power or strength.
powerhouse:A person or thing of great energy, strength, or power.
powerhouses:A person or thing of great energy, strength, or power.
powerless:Without ability, influence, or power.
powerlessness:Lack of ability, influence, or power.
powers:Supply (a device) with mechanical or electrical energy.
pox:Any of several viral diseases producing a rash of pimples that become pus-filled and leave pockmarks on healing.
practicability:The quality of being practicable; viability.
practicable:Able to be done or put into practice successfully.
practical:Of or concerned with the actual doing or use of something rather than with theory and ideas.
practicalities:The quality or state of being practical.
practicality:The quality or state of being practical.
practically:Virtually; almost.
practicals:An examination or lesson in which theories and procedures learned are applied to the actual making or doing of something.
practice:Perform (an activity) or exercise (a skill) repeatedly or regularly in order to improve or maintain one's proficiency.
practices:The actual application or use of an idea, belief, or method, as opposed to theories relating to it.
practise:Perform (an activity) or exercise (a skill) repeatedly or regularly in order to acquire, improve or maintain proficiency in it.
practised:Expert, typically as the result of much experience.
practises:Perform (an activity) or exercise (a skill) repeatedly or regularly in order to acquire, improve or maintain proficiency in it.
practising:Actively pursuing or engaged in a particular profession, occupation, or way of life.
practitioner:A person actively engaged in an art, discipline, or profession, especially medicine.
practitioners:A person actively engaged in an art, discipline, or profession, especially medicine.
pragmatic:Dealing with things sensibly and realistically in a way that is based on practical rather than theoretical considerations.
pragmatically:In a sensible and realistic way that is based on practical rather than theoretical considerations.
pragmatics:The branch of linguistics dealing with language in use and the contexts in which it is used, including such matters as deixis, the taking of turns in conversation, text organization, presupposition, and implicature.
pragmatism:A pragmatic attitude or policy.
pragmatist:A person who is guided more by practical considerations than by ideals.
pragmatists:A person who is guided more by practical considerations than by ideals.
prague:The capital of the Czech Republic, in the northeastern part of the country, on the Vltava River; population 1,196,454 (2007).
prairie:A large open area of grassland, especially in the Mississippi River valley.
prairies:A large open area of grassland, especially in North America.
praise:Express warm approval or admiration of.
praised:Express warm approval or admiration of.
praises:Express warm approval or admiration of.
praiseworthy:Deserving approval and admiration.
praising:Express warm approval or admiration of.
praline:A smooth, sweet substance made by boiling nuts in sugar and grinding the mixture, used especially as a filling for chocolates.
pram:A four-wheeled carriage for a baby, pushed by a person on foot.
prams:A four-wheeled carriage for a baby, pushed by a person on foot.
prance:(of a horse) move with high springy steps.
pranced:(of a horse) move with high springy steps.
prancing:(of a horse) move with high springy steps.
prang:Crash (a motor vehicle or aircraft)
prank:Play a trick or practical joke on (someone)
pranks:Play a trick or practical joke on (someone)
prankster:A person fond of playing pranks.
pranksters:A person fond of playing pranks.
prat:An incompetent, stupid, or foolish person; an idiot.
prattle:Talk at length in a foolish or inconsequential way.
prattled:Talk at length in a foolish or inconsequential way.
prattling:Talk at length in a foolish or inconsequential way.
prawn:A marine crustacean that resembles a large shrimp, many varieties of which are edible.
prawns:A marine crustacean that resembles a large shrimp, many varieties of which are edible.
pray:Used as a preface to polite requests or instructions.
prayed:Address a prayer to God or another deity.
prayer:A solemn request for help or expression of thanks addressed to God or an object of worship.
prayerful:(of an action or event) characterized by or expressive of prayer.
prayers:A solemn request for help or expression of thanks addressed to God or another deity.
praying:Address a prayer to God or another deity.
prays:Address a prayer to God or another deity.
pre:Previous to; before.
preach:Deliver a sermon or religious address to an assembled group of people, typically in church.
preached:Deliver a sermon or religious address to an assembled group of people, typically in church.
preacher:A person who preaches, especially a minister of religion.
preachers:A person who preaches, especially a minister of religion.
preaches:Deliver a sermon or religious address to an assembled group of people, typically in church.
preaching:The delivery of a sermon or religious address to an assembled group of people, typically in church.
preadolescent:A preadolescent child.
preamble:A preliminary or preparatory statement; an introduction.
preambles:A preliminary or preparatory statement; an introduction.
preamplifier:An electronic device that amplifies a very weak signal, for example from a microphone or pickup, and transmits it to a main amplifier.
prearranged:Arranged or agreed upon in advance.
prebend:The portion of the revenues of a cathedral or collegiate church formerly granted to a canon or member of the chapter as his stipend.
prebendary:An honorary canon.
precarious:Not securely held or in position; dangerously likely to fall or collapse.
precariously:In a way that is not securely in position and is likely to fall or collapse.
precariousness:The state of being dangerously likely to fall or collapse.
precaution:A measure taken in advance to prevent something dangerous, unpleasant, or inconvenient from happening.
precautionary:Carried out as a precaution.
precautions:A measure taken in advance to prevent something dangerous, unpleasant, or inconvenient from happening.
precede:Come before (something) in time.
preceded:Come before (something) in time.
precedence:The condition of being considered more important than someone or something else; priority in importance, order, or rank.
precedent:An earlier event or action that is regarded as an example or guide to be considered in subsequent similar circumstances.
precedents:An earlier event or action that is regarded as an example or guide to be considered in subsequent similar circumstances.
precedes:Come before (something) in time.
preceding:Coming before something in order, position, or time.
precept:A general rule intended to regulate behavior or thought.
precepts:A general rule intended to regulate behaviour or thought.
precess:Undergo precession.
precessed:Undergo precession.
precessing:Undergo precession.
precession:The slow movement of the axis of a spinning body around another axis due to a torque (such as gravitational influence) acting to change the direction of the first axis. It is seen in the circle slowly traced out by the pole of a spinning gyroscope.
precinct:A district of a city or town as defined for police purposes.
precincts:The area within the walls or perceived boundaries of a particular building or place.
precious:Used as a term of address for a beloved person.
precipice:A very steep rock face or cliff, especially a tall one.
precipices:A very steep rock face or cliff, especially a tall one.
precipitate:Cause (an event or situation, typically one that is bad or undesirable) to happen suddenly, unexpectedly, or prematurely.
precipitated:Cause (an event or situation, typically one that is undesirable) to happen suddenly, unexpectedly, or prematurely.
precipitates:Cause (an event or situation, typically one that is undesirable) to happen suddenly, unexpectedly, or prematurely.
precipitating:Cause (an event or situation, typically one that is undesirable) to happen suddenly, unexpectedly, or prematurely.
precipitation:The action or process of precipitating a substance from a solution.
precipitous:Dangerously high or steep.
precipitously:Very steeply.
precis:Make a precis of (a text or speech).
precise:Marked by exactness and accuracy of expression or detail.
precisely:In exact terms; without vagueness.
precision:The quality, condition, or fact of being exact and accurate.
preclinical:Relating to or denoting the first, chiefly theoretical, stage of a medical education.
preclude:Prevent from happening; make impossible.
precluded:Prevent from happening; make impossible.
precludes:Prevent from happening; make impossible.
precluding:Prevent from happening; make impossible.
precocious:(of a child) having developed certain abilities or proclivities at an earlier age than usual.
precognition:Foreknowledge of an event, especially foreknowledge of a paranormal kind.
precognitions:Foreknowledge of an event, especially as a form of extrasensory perception.
preconceived:(of an idea or opinion) formed before having the evidence for its truth or usefulness.
preconception:A preconceived idea or prejudice.
preconceptions:A preconceived idea or prejudice.
precondition:Condition (an action) to happen in a certain way.
preconditions:Condition (an action) to happen in a certain way.
precooked:(of food) cooked in advance.
precursor:A person or thing that comes before another of the same kind; a forerunner.
precursors:A person or thing that comes before another of the same kind; a forerunner.
predate:Exist or occur at a date earlier than (something)
predated:Exist or occur at a date earlier than (something)
predates:Exist or occur at a date earlier than (something)
predating:Exist or occur at a date earlier than (something)
predation:The preying of one animal on others.
predations:The preying of one animal on others.
predator:An animal that naturally preys on others.
predators:An animal that naturally preys on others.
predatory:Relating to or denoting an animal or animals preying naturally on others.
predeceased:Die before (another person, typically a relative)
predecessor:A person who held a job or office before the current holder.
predecessors:A person who held a job or office before the current holder.
predefine:To define, establish, or prescribe beforehand; to predetermine.
predefined:Defined, limited, or established in advance.
predestination:(as a doctrine in Christian theology) the divine foreordaining of all that will happen, especially with regard to the salvation of some and not others. It has been particularly associated with the teachings of St. Augustine of Hippo and of Calvin.
predestined:(of an outcome or course of events) determined in advance by divine will or fate.
predetermine:Establish or decide in advance.
predetermined:Established or decided in advance.
predetermines:Establish or decide in advance.
predicament:A difficult, unpleasant, or embarrassing situation.
predicaments:A difficult, unpleasant, or embarrassing situation.
predicate:State, affirm, or assert (something) about the subject of a sentence or an argument of a proposition.
predicated:State, affirm, or assert (something) about the subject of a sentence or an argument of a proposition.
predicates:State, affirm, or assert (something) about the subject of a sentence or an argument of a proposition.
predicating:State, affirm, or assert (something) about the subject of a sentence or an argument of a proposition.
predicative:(of an adjective or noun) forming or contained in the predicate, as old in the dog is old (but not in the old dog) and house in there is a large house.
predict:Say or estimate that (a specified thing) will happen in the future or will be a consequence of something.
predictability:The ability to be predicted.
predictable:Able to be predicted.
predictably:In a way that can be predicted; as expected.
predicted:Stated or estimated as likely to happen in the future; forecast.
predicting:Say or estimate that (a specified thing) will happen in the future or will be a consequence of something.
prediction:A thing predicted; a forecast.
predictions:A thing predicted; a forecast.
predictive:Relating to or having the effect of predicting an event or result.
predictor:A person or thing that predicts that something will happen in the future or will be a consequence of something.
predictors:A person or thing that predicts that something will happen in the future or will be a consequence of something.
predicts:Say or estimate that (a specified thing) will happen in the future or will be a consequence of something.
predilection:A preference or special liking for something; a bias in favor of something.
predilections:A preference or special liking for something; a bias in favour of something.
predispose:Make someone liable or inclined to a specified attitude, action, or condition.
predisposes:Make someone liable or inclined to a specified attitude, action, or condition.
predisposing:Make someone liable or inclined to a specified attitude, action, or condition.
predisposition:A liability or tendency to suffer from a particular condition, hold a particular attitude, or act in a particular way.
predispositions:A liability or tendency to suffer from a particular condition, hold a particular attitude, or act in a particular way.
predominance:The state or condition of being greater in number or amount.
predominant:Present as the strongest or main element.
predominantly:Mainly; for the most part.
predominate:Be the strongest or main element; be greater in number or amount.
predominated:Be the strongest or main element; be greater in number or amount.
predominates:Be the strongest or main element; be greater in number or amount.
predominating:Be the strongest or main element; be greater in number or amount.
preen:(of a bird) straighten and clean its feathers with its beak.
preened:(of a bird) tidy and clean its feathers with its beak.
preening:(of a bird) tidy and clean its feathers with its beak.
preens:(of a bird) tidy and clean its feathers with its beak.
prefab:A prefabricated building.
prefabricated:(of a building or piece of furniture) manufactured in sections to enable assembly on site.
prefabs:A prefabricated building.
preface:Provide (a book) with a preface.
prefaced:Provide (a book) with a preface.
prefaces:Provide (a book) with a preface.
prefacing:Provide (a book) with a preface.
prefatory:Serving as an introduction; introductory.
prefect:In some schools, a senior student authorized to enforce discipline.
prefects:(in some schools) a senior pupil who is authorized to enforce discipline.
prefecture:A district under the government of a prefect.
prefer:Like (one thing or person) better than another or others; tend to choose.
preferable:More desirable or suitable.
preferably:Ideally; if possible.
preference:A greater liking for one alternative over another or others.
preferences:A greater liking for one alternative over another or others.
preferential:Of or involving preference or partiality; constituting a favor or privilege.
preferentially:In a way that involves preference or partiality; more favorably.
preferment:Promotion or appointment to a position or office.
preferred:Like (one thing or person) better than another or others; tend to choose.
preferring:Like (one thing or person) better than another or others; tend to choose.
prefers:Like (one thing or person) better than another or others; tend to choose.
prefigured:Be an early indication or version of (something)
prefix:Add (something) at the beginning as a prefix or introduction.
prefixed:Add (something) at the beginning as a prefix or introduction.
prefixes:Add (something) at the beginning as a prefix or introduction.
prefixing:Add (something) at the beginning as a prefix or introduction.
pregnancies:The condition or period of being pregnant.
pregnancy:The condition or period of being pregnant.
pregnant:(of a woman or female animal) having a child or young developing in the uterus.
preheat:Heat (something, especially an oven or grill) beforehand.
preheating:Heat (something, especially an oven or grill) beforehand.
prehensile:(chiefly of an animal's limb or tail) capable of grasping.
prehistoric:Relating to or denoting the period before written records.
prehistory:The period of time before written records.
prejudge:Form a judgment on (an issue or person) prematurely and without having adequate information.
prejudged:Form a judgement on (an issue or person) prematurely and without having adequate information.
prejudging:Form a judgement on (an issue or person) prematurely and without having adequate information.
prejudice:Give rise to prejudice in (someone); make biased.
prejudiced:Having or showing a dislike or distrust that is derived from prejudice; bigoted.
prejudices:Give rise to prejudice in (someone); make biased.
prejudicial:Harmful to someone or something; detrimental.
prejudicing:Give rise to prejudice in (someone); make biased.
prelate:A bishop or other high ecclesiastical dignitary.
prelates:A bishop or other high ecclesiastical dignitary.
preliminaries:A preliminary action or event.
preliminarily:By way of introduction; in preparation for something fuller or more important.
preliminary:An action or event preceding or preparing for something fuller or more important.
prelude:Serve as a prelude or introduction to.
preludes:Serve as a prelude or introduction to.
premature:Occurring or done before the usual or proper time; too early.
prematurely:Before the due time; ahead of time.
premeditate:Think out or plan (an action, especially a crime) beforehand.
premeditated:(of an action, especially a crime) thought out or planned beforehand.
premeditation:The action of planning something (especially a crime) beforehand.
premenstrual:Of, occurring, or experienced before menstruation.
premier:A prime minister or other head of government.
premiere:Give the first performance of.
premiered:Give the first performance of.
premieres:Give the first performance of.
premiership:The office or position of a prime minister or other head of government.
premise:Base an argument, theory, or undertaking on.
premised:Base an argument, theory, or undertaking on.
premises:A house or building, together with its land and outbuildings, occupied by a business or considered in an official context.
premising:Base an argument, theory, or undertaking on.
premium:An amount to be paid for an insurance policy.
premiums:An amount to be paid for a contract of insurance.
premonition:A strong feeling that something is about to happen, especially something unpleasant.
premonitions:A strong feeling that something is about to happen, especially something unpleasant.
prenatal:Before birth; during or relating to pregnancy.
preoccupation:The state or condition of being preoccupied or engrossed with something.
preoccupied:Engrossed in thought; distracted.
preoccupy:(of a matter or subject) dominate or engross the mind of (someone) to the exclusion of other thoughts.
preoccupying:(of a matter or subject) dominate or engross the mind of (someone) to the exclusion of other thoughts.
preordained:(of an outcome or course of action) decided or determined beforehand; predestined.
prep:Prepare (something); make ready.
prepaid:Paid or paid for in advance.
preparation:The action or process of making ready or being made ready for use or consideration.
preparative:A preparatory act, procedure, or circumstance.
preparatory:Serving as or carrying out preparation for a task or undertaking.
prepare:Make (something) ready for use or consideration.
prepared:Made ready for use.
preparedness:A state of readiness, especially for war.
preparer:A person or thing that makes something ready for use or consideration.
preparers:A person or thing that makes something ready for use or consideration.
prepares:Make (something) ready for use or consideration.
preparing:Make (something) ready for use or consideration.
preponderance:The quality or fact of being greater in number, quantity, or importance.
preponderant:Predominant in influence, number, or importance.
preposition:A word governing, and usually preceding, a noun or pronoun and expressing a relation to another word or element in the clause, as in “the man on the platform,” “she arrived after dinner,” “what did you do it for?”.
prepositional:Formed with or functioning as a preposition.
prepositions:A word governing, and usually preceding, a noun or pronoun and expressing a relation to another word or element in the clause, as in ‘the man on the platform’, ‘she arrived after dinner’, ‘what did you do it for?’.
preposterous:Contrary to reason or common sense; utterly absurd or ridiculous.
preps:Prepare (something); make ready.
prerogative:A right or privilege exclusive to a particular individual or class.
prerogatives:A right or privilege exclusive to a particular individual or class.
presbytery:A body of Church elders and ministers, especially (in Presbyterian Churches) an administrative body (court) representing all the local congregations of a district.
preschool:A nursery school.
prescribe:(of a medical practitioner) advise and authorize the use of (a medicine or treatment) for someone, especially in writing.
prescribed:(of a medical practitioner) advise and authorize the use of (a medicine or treatment) for someone, especially in writing.
prescribing:(of a medical practitioner) advise and authorize the use of (a medicine or treatment) for someone, especially in writing.
prescription:An instruction written by a medical practitioner that authorizes a patient to be provided a medicine or treatment.
prescriptions:An instruction written by a medical practitioner that authorizes a patient to be issued with a medicine or treatment.
prescriptive:Relating to the imposition or enforcement of a rule or method.
presence:The state or fact of existing, occurring, or being present in a place or thing.
present:The period of time now occurring.
presentable:Clean, well dressed, or decent enough to be seen in public.
presentation:The giving of something to someone, especially as part of a formal ceremony.
presentational:Relating to the way in which something is presented to an audience.
presentations:The giving of something to someone, especially as part of a formal ceremony.
presented:The period of time now occurring.
presenter:A person who formally presents an award or honor to someone.
presentiment:An intuitive feeling about the future, especially one of foreboding.
presenting:The period of time now occurring.
presently:At the present time; now.
presents:The period of time now occurring.
preservation:The action of preserving something.
preservationists:A supporter or advocate of the preservation of something, especially of historic buildings and artefacts.
preservative:A substance used to preserve foodstuffs, wood, or other materials against decay.
preservatives:A substance used to preserve foodstuffs, wood, or other materials against decay.
preserve:Maintain (something) in its original or existing state.
preserved:Maintained in its original or existing state.
preserver:A person who maintains something in its original or existing state or condition.
preserves:Maintain (something) in its original or existing state.
preserving:Maintain (something) in its original or existing state.
preset:Adjust or apply (a setting on a device) in advance.
presets:Adjust or apply (a setting on a device) in advance.
presetting:Adjust or apply (a setting on a device) in advance.
preside:Be in the position of authority in a meeting or other gathering.
presided:Be in the position of authority in a meeting or other gathering.
presidencies:The office of president.
presidency:The office of president.
president:The elected head of a republican state.
presidential:Relating to a president or presidency.
presidents:The elected head of a republican state.
presides:Be in the position of authority in a meeting or other gathering.
presiding:Holding the position of authority in a meeting or other gathering.
presidium:A standing executive committee in a communist country.
press:Move or cause to move into a position of contact with something by exerting continuous physical force.
pressed:past and past participle of press
presses:Move or cause to move into a position of contact with something by exerting continuous physical force.
pressing:A record or other object made by the application of force or weight.
pressings:An act or instance of applying force or weight to something.
pressman:A journalist.
pressmen:A journalist.
pressure:Attempt to persuade or coerce (someone) into doing something.
pressured:Attempt to persuade or coerce (someone) into doing something.
pressures:Attempt to persuade or coerce (someone) into doing something.
pressuring:Attempt to persuade or coerce (someone) into doing something.
pressurise:Produce or maintain raised pressure artificially in (a gas or its container)
pressurised:(of a gas or its container) having artificially raised pressure.
pressurises:Produce or maintain raised pressure artificially in (a gas or its container)
pressurising:Produce or maintain raised pressure artificially in (a gas or its container)
prestidigitation:Magic tricks performed as entertainment.
prestidigitatorial:Done by prestidigitation; resembling a conjuring trick.
prestige:Widespread respect and admiration felt for someone or something on the basis of a perception of their achievements or quality.
prestigious:Inspiring respect and admiration; having high status.
presto:A movement or passage marked to be performed in a quick tempo.
presumably:Used to convey that what is asserted is very likely though not known for certain.
presume:Suppose that something is the case on the basis of probability.
presumed:Suppose that something is the case on the basis of probability.
presumes:Suppose that something is the case on the basis of probability.
presuming:Presumptuous.
presumption:An idea that is taken to be true, and often used as the basis for other ideas, although it is not known for certain.
presumptions:An idea that is taken to be true on the basis of probability.
presumptive:Of the nature of a presumption; presumed in the absence of further information.
presumptuous:(of a person or their behavior) failing to observe the limits of what is permitted or appropriate.
presuppose:(of an action, process, or argument) require as a precondition of possibility or coherence.
presupposed:Require as a precondition of possibility or coherence.
presupposes:Require as a precondition of possibility or coherence.
presupposing:Require as a precondition of possibility or coherence.
presupposition:A thing tacitly assumed beforehand at the beginning of a line of argument or course of action.
presuppositions:A thing tacitly assumed beforehand at the beginning of a line of argument or course of action.
pretence:An attempt to make something that is not the case appear true.
pretences:An attempt to make something that is not the case appear true.
pretend:Speak and act so as to make it appear that something is the case when in fact it is not.
pretended:Not genuine; assumed.
pretender:A person who claims or aspires to a title or position.
pretenders:A person who claims or aspires to a title or position.
pretending:Behave so as to make it appear that something is the case when in fact it is not.
pretends:Behave so as to make it appear that something is the case when in fact it is not.
pretension:A claim or assertion of a claim to something.
pretensions:A claim or assertion of a claim to something.
pretentious:Attempting to impress by affecting greater importance, talent, culture, etc., than is actually possessed.
preterite:A simple past tense or form.
preternatural:Beyond what is normal or natural.
pretext:A reason given in justification of a course of action that is not the real reason.
pretexts:A reason given in justification of a course of action that is not the real reason.
pretor:Each of two ancient Roman magistrates ranking below consul.
pretoria:The administrative capital of South Africa; population 1,679,200 (est. 2009). It was founded in 1855 by Marthinus Wessel Pretorius (1819–1901), the first president of the South African Republic, and named after his father Andries.
pretreated:Treat (something) with a chemical before use.
pretreatment:The treatment of something with a chemical before use.
pretreatments:The treatment of something with a chemical before use.
prettier:Make pretty or attractive.
prettiest:Make pretty or attractive.
prettify:Make (someone or something) appear superficially pretty or attractive.
pretty:An attractive thing, typically a pleasing but unnecessary accessory.
prevail:Prove more powerful than opposing forces; be victorious.
prevailed:Prove more powerful or superior.
prevailing:Existing at a particular time; current.
prevails:Prove more powerful or superior.
prevalence:The fact or condition of being prevalent; commonness.
prevalent:Widespread in a particular area or at a particular time.
prevaricate:Speak or act in an evasive way.
prevaricated:Speak or act in an evasive way.
prevaricating:Speak or act in an evasive way.
prevent:Keep (something) from happening or arising.
preventable:Able to be prevented or avoided.
prevented:Keep (something) from happening.
preventing:Keep (something) from happening.
prevention:The action of stopping something from happening or arising.
preventive:A medicine or other treatment designed to stop disease or ill health from occurring.
prevents:Keep (something) from happening.
preview:Display (a product, movie, play, etc.) before it officially goes on sale or opens to the public.
previewed:Display (a product, film, etc.) before it is made generally available.
previewing:Display (a product, film, etc.) before it is made generally available.
previews:Display (a product, film, etc.) before it is made generally available.
previous:Existing or occurring before in time or order.
previously:At a previous or earlier time; before.
prey:An animal that is hunted and killed by another for food.
preyed:Hunt and kill for food.
preying:Hunt and kill for food.
preys:Hunt and kill for food.
priapic:Relating to or resembling a phallus.
price:Decide the amount required as payment for (something offered for sale)
priced:Decide the amount required as payment for (something offered for sale)
priceless:So precious that its value cannot be determined.
prices:Decide the amount required as payment for (something offered for sale)
pricey:Expensive.
pricier:Expensive.
pricing:Decide the amount required as payment for (something offered for sale)
prick:Make a small hole in (something) with a sharp point; pierce slightly.
pricked:Make a small hole in (something) with a sharp point; pierce slightly.
prickle:A short, slender, sharp-pointed outgrowth on the bark or epidermis of a plant; a small thorn.
prickled:(of a part of the body) experience a tingling sensation, especially as a result of strong emotion.
prickles:(of a part of the body) experience a tingling sensation, especially as a result of strong emotion.
pricklier:Covered in prickles.
prickliest:Covered in prickles.
prickling:(of a part of the body) experience a tingling sensation, especially as a result of strong emotion.
prickly:Covered in prickles.
pricks:Make a small hole in (something) with a sharp point; pierce slightly.
pricy:Expensive.
pride:Be especially proud of (a particular quality or skill)
prided:Be especially proud of (a particular quality or skill)
prides:Be especially proud of (a particular quality or skill)
pried:Inquire too closely into a person's private affairs.
pries:Inquire too closely into a person's private affairs.
priest:Ordain to the priesthood.
priestess:A female priest of a non-Christian religion.
priestesses:A female priest of a non-Christian religion.
priesthood:The office or position of a priest.
priestly:Relating to or befitting a priest or priests.
priests:Ordain to the priesthood.
prig:A self-righteously moralistic person who behaves as if superior to others.
priggish:Self-righteously moralistic and superior.
prim:Purse (the mouth or lips) into a prim expression.
primacy:The fact of being primary, preeminent, or more important.
primaeval:Of the earliest time in history.
primal:Relating to an early stage in evolutionary development; primeval.
primaries:(in the US) run against (the current holder of a political office) in the preliminary election a party uses to select its candidate for the main election.
primarily:For the most part; mainly.
primary:(in the US) run against (the current holder of a political office) in the preliminary election a party uses to select its candidate for the general election.
primate:The chief bishop or archbishop of a province.
primates:The chief bishop or archbishop of a province.
prime:A state or time of greatest strength, vigor, or success in a person's life.
primed:The state or time of greatest vigour or success in a person's life.
primer:A substance used as a preparatory coat on previously unpainted wood, metal, or canvas, especially to prevent the absorption of subsequent layers of paint or the development of rust.
primers:A substance used as a preparatory coat on wood, metal, or canvas, especially to prevent the absorption of subsequent layers of paint or the development of rust.
primes:The state or time of greatest vigour or success in a person's life.
primeval:Of or resembling the earliest ages in the history of the world.
priming:A substance that prepares something for use or action.
primitive:A person belonging to a preliterate, nonindustrial society.
primitives:A person belonging to a preliterate, non-industrial society.
primogeniture:The state of being the firstborn child.
primordial:Existing at or from the beginning of time; primeval.
primrose:A commonly cultivated plant of European woodlands that produces pale yellow flowers in the early spring.
primroses:A European plant of woodland and hedgerows, which produces pale yellow flowers in the early spring.
primus:The presiding bishop of the Scottish Episcopal Church, elected by the bishops from among their number.
prince:The son of a monarch.
princelings:The ruler of a small principality or domain.
princely:Of or held by a prince.
princes:The son of a monarch.
princess:The daughter of a monarch.
princesses:The daughter of a monarch.
principal:The person with the highest authority or most important position in an organization, institution, or group.
principalities:A state ruled by a prince.
principality:A state ruled by a prince.
principally:For the most part; chiefly.
principals:The most important or senior person in an organization or group.
principle:A fundamental truth or proposition that serves as the foundation for a system of belief or behavior or for a chain of reasoning.
principled:(of a person or their behavior) acting in accordance with morality and showing recognition of right and wrong.
principles:A fundamental truth or proposition that serves as the foundation for a system of belief or behaviour or for a chain of reasoning.
print:Produce (books, newspapers, magazines, etc.), especially in large quantities, by a mechanical process involving the transfer of text, images, or designs to paper.
printable:Suitable or fit to be printed or published.
printed:Produce (books, newspapers, etc.), especially in large quantities, by a mechanical process involving the transfer of text or designs to paper.
printer:A person whose job or business is commercial printing.
printers:A person whose job or business is commercial printing.
printing:The production of books, newspapers, or other printed material.
printmakers:A person who makes pictures or designs by printing them from specially prepared plates or blocks.
printmaking:The activity or occupation of making pictures or designs by printing them from specially prepared plates or blocks.
printout:A page or set of pages of printed material produced by a computer's printer.
printouts:A page or set of pages of printed material obtained from a computer's printer.
prints:Produce (books, newspapers, etc.), especially in large quantities, by a mechanical process involving the transfer of text or designs to paper.
prions:A small petrel of southern seas, having a wide bill fringed with comblike plates for feeding on planktonic crustaceans.
prior:A previous criminal conviction.
priories:A small monastery or nunnery that is governed by a prior or prioress.
priorities:The fact or condition of being regarded or treated as more important than others.
prioritisation:The action or process of deciding the relative importance or urgency of a thing or things.
prioritise:Designate or treat (something) as being very or most important.
prioritised:Designate or treat (something) as being very or most important.
prioritises:Designate or treat (something) as being very or most important.
prioritising:Designate or treat (something) as being very or most important.
priority:The fact or condition of being regarded or treated as more important.
priors:A previous criminal conviction.
priory:A small monastery or nunnery that is governed by a prior or prioress.
prise:Use force in order to move, move apart, or open (something)
prised:Use force in order to move, move apart, or open (something)
prises:Use force in order to move, move apart, or open (something)
prising:Use force in order to move, move apart, or open (something)
prism:A solid geometric figure whose two end faces are similar, equal, and parallel rectilinear figures, and whose sides are parallelograms.
prismatic:Relating to or having the form of a prism or prisms.
prisms:A solid geometric figure whose two ends are similar, equal, and parallel rectilinear figures, and whose sides are parallelograms.
prison:Imprison.
prisoner:A person legally held in prison as a punishment for crimes they have committed or while awaiting trial.
prisoners:A person legally committed to prison as a punishment for a crime or while awaiting trial.
prisons:Imprison.
prissy:Fussily and excessively respectable.
pristine:In its original condition; unspoiled.
privacy:The state or condition of being free from being observed or disturbed by other people.
private:A soldier of the lowest rank, in particular an enlisted person in the US Army or Marine Corps ranking below private first class.
privateer:An armed ship owned and officered by private individuals holding a government commission and authorized for use in war, especially in the capture of enemy merchant shipping.
privateers:An armed ship owned and crewed by private individuals holding a government commission and authorized for use in war, especially in the capture of merchant shipping.
privately:In a private way, manner, or capacity.
privates:The lowest rank in the army, below lance corporal or private first class.
privation:A state in which things that are essential for human well-being such as food and warmth are scarce or lacking.
privations:A state in which food and other essentials for well-being are lacking.
privatisation:The transfer of a business, industry, or service from public to private ownership and control.
privatisations:The transfer of a business, industry, or service from public to private ownership and control.
privatise:Transfer (a business, industry, or service) from public to private ownership and control.
privatised:Transfer (a business, industry, or service) from public to private ownership and control.
privatises:Transfer (a business, industry, or service) from public to private ownership and control.
privatising:Transfer (a business, industry, or service) from public to private ownership and control.
privet:A shrub of the olive family, with small white heavily scented flowers and poisonous black berries.
privilege:Grant a privilege or privileges to.
privileged:Having special rights, advantages, or immunities.
privileges:Grant a privilege or privileges to.
privileging:Grant a privilege or privileges to.
privy:A toilet located in a small shed outside a house or other building; an outhouse.
prize:Value extremely highly.
prized:Extremely highly valued.
prizer:A person who values or esteems something highly. With of.
prizes:Value extremely highly.
prizing:Value extremely highly.
pro:A professional, especially in sports.
proactive:(of a person, policy, or action) creating or controlling a situation by causing something to happen rather than responding to it after it has happened.
probabilistic:Based on or adapted to a theory of probability; subject to or involving chance variation.
probability:The extent to which something is probable; the likelihood of something happening or being the case.
probable:A person who is likely to become or do something, especially one who is likely to be chosen for a team.
probably:Almost certainly; as far as one knows or can tell.
probate:Establish the validity of (a will).
probation:The release of an offender from detention, subject to a period of good behavior under supervision.
probationary:Relating to a process of testing or observing the character or abilities of a person who is new to a role or job.
probative:Having the quality or function of proving or demonstrating something; affording proof or evidence.
probe:Physically explore or examine (something) with the hands or an instrument.
probed:Physically explore or examine (something) with the hands or an instrument.
probes:Physically explore or examine (something) with the hands or an instrument.
probing:Inquiring closely into something; searching.
probity:The quality of having strong moral principles; honesty and decency.
problem:A matter or situation regarded as unwelcome or harmful and needing to be dealt with and overcome.
problematic:A thing that constitutes a problem or difficulty.
problematical:Involving or constituting a problem.
problems:A matter or situation regarded as unwelcome or harmful and needing to be dealt with and overcome.
proboscis:The nose of a mammal, especially when it is long and mobile such as the trunk of an elephant or the snout of a tapir.
procedural:A television series, film, or novel characterized by detailed, realistic treatment of professional procedures, especially police procedures.
procedurally:In a way that relates to or is in accordance with an established or official way of doing something.
procedure:An established or official way of doing something.
procedures:An established or official way of doing something.
proceed:Begin or continue a course of action.
proceeded:Begin a course of action.
proceeding:Begin a course of action.
proceedings:An event or a series of activities involving a formal or set procedure.
proceeds:Money obtained from an event or activity.
process:Perform a series of mechanical or chemical operations on (something) in order to change or preserve it.
processed:Perform a series of mechanical or chemical operations on (something) in order to change or preserve it.
processes:Perform a series of mechanical or chemical operations on (something) in order to change or preserve it.
processing:Perform a series of mechanical or chemical operations on (something) in order to change or preserve it.
procession:A number of people or vehicles moving forward in an orderly fashion, especially as part of a ceremony or festival.
processional:A book containing litanies and hymns for use in religious processions, especially at the beginning of a service.
processions:A number of people or vehicles moving forward in an orderly fashion, especially as part of a ceremony.
processor:A machine that processes something.
processors:A machine that processes something.
proclaim:Announce officially or publicly.
proclaimed:Announce officially or publicly.
proclaiming:Announce officially or publicly.
proclaims:Announce officially or publicly.
proclamation:A public or official announcement, especially one dealing with a matter of great importance.
proclamations:A public or official announcement dealing with a matter of great importance.
proclivities:A tendency to choose or do something regularly; an inclination or predisposition towards a particular thing.
proclivity:A tendency to choose or do something regularly; an inclination or predisposition toward a particular thing.
procrastinate:Delay or postpone action; put off doing something.
procrastinating:Delay or postpone action; put off doing something.
procrastination:The action of delaying or postponing something.
procrastinations:The action of delaying or postponing something.
procrastinator:A person who habitually puts off doing things.
procrastinators:A person who habitually puts off doing things.
procreate:(of people or animals) produce young; reproduce.
procreated:(of people or animals) produce young; reproduce.
procreating:(of people or animals) produce young; reproduce.
procreation:The production of offspring; reproduction.
procreatory:Of or tending to procreation; procreative.
proctor:Serve as a proctor.
proctors:Invigilate (an examination)
procure:Obtain (something), especially with care or effort.
procured:Obtain (something), especially with care or effort.
procurement:The action of obtaining or procuring something.
procurements:The action of obtaining or procuring something.
procures:Obtain (something), especially with care or effort.
procuring:Obtain (something), especially with care or effort.
prod:Poke (someone) with a finger, foot, or pointed object.
prodded:Poke with a finger, foot, or pointed object.
prodding:Poke with a finger, foot, or pointed object.
prodigal:A person who spends money in a recklessly extravagant way.
prodigies:A young person with exceptional qualities or abilities.
prodigious:Remarkably or impressively great in extent, size, or degree.
prodigy:A person, especially a young one, endowed with exceptional qualities or abilities.
prods:Poke with a finger, foot, or pointed object.
produce:Make or manufacture from components or raw materials.
produced:Make or manufacture from components or raw materials.
producer:A person, company, or country that makes, grows, or supplies goods or commodities for sale.
producers:A person, company, or country that makes, grows, or supplies goods or commodities for sale.
produces:Make or manufacture from components or raw materials.
producing:Make or manufacture from components or raw materials.
product:An article or substance that is manufactured or refined for sale.
production:The action of making or manufacturing from components or raw materials, or the process of being so manufactured.
productive:Producing or able to produce large amounts of goods, crops, or other commodities.
productively:In a way that produces or increases something, especially wealth or resources; profitably.
productivity:The state or quality of producing something, especially crops.
products:An article or substance that is manufactured or refined for sale.
profane:Treat (something sacred) with irreverence or disrespect.
profaned:Treat (something sacred) with irreverence or disrespect.
profanity:Blasphemous or obscene language.
profess:Claim that one has (a quality or feeling), especially when this is not the case.
professed:(of a quality, feeling, or belief) claimed or asserted openly but often falsely.
professedly:Ostensibly; apparently (used in reference to something claimed or asserted, possibly falsely)
professes:Claim that one has (a quality or feeling), especially when this is not the case.
professing:Claim that one has (a quality or feeling), especially when this is not the case.
profession:A paid occupation, especially one that involves prolonged training and a formal qualification.
professional:A person engaged or qualified in a profession.
professionalisation:The action or process of giving an occupation, activity, or group professional qualities, typically by increasing training or raising required qualifications.
professionalised:Give (an occupation, activity, or group) professional qualities, typically by increasing training or raising required qualifications.
professionalism:The competence or skill expected of a professional.
professionally:In a way that relates to a profession or career.
professionals:A person engaged or qualified in a profession.
professions:A paid occupation, especially one that involves prolonged training and a formal qualification.
professor:A teacher of the highest rank in a college or university.An associate professor or an assistant professor.Any instructor, especially in a specialized field.
professorial:Relating to or characteristic of a professor.
professors:A university academic of the highest rank; the holder of a university chair.An associate professor or an assistant professor.
professorship:The office or position of a college or university professor.
professorships:The office or position of a university professor.
proffer:Hold out (something) to someone for acceptance; offer.
proffered:Hold out or put forward (something) to someone for acceptance.
proffering:Hold out or put forward (something) to someone for acceptance.
proffers:Hold out or put forward (something) to someone for acceptance.
proficiencies:A high degree of skill; expertise.
proficiency:A high degree of competence or skill; expertise.
proficient:A person who is proficient.
profile:Describe (a person or organization, especially a public figure) in a short article.
profiled:Shaped, especially by means of a tool guided by a template.
profiles:Describe (a person or organization) in a short article.
profiling:The recording and analysis of a person's psychological and behavioral characteristics, so as to assess or predict their capabilities in a certain sphere or to assist in identifying a particular subgroup of people.
profit:A financial gain, especially the difference between the amount earned and the amount spent in buying, operating, or producing something.
profitability:The degree to which a business or activity yields profit or financial gain.
profitable:(of a business or activity) yielding profit or financial gain.
profitably:In a way that yields profit or financial gain.
profited:Obtain a financial advantage or benefit.
profiteering:The practice of making or seeking to make an excessive or unfair profit, especially illegally or in a black market.
profiteers:Make or seek to make an excessive or unfair profit, especially illegally or in a black market.
profiteroles:A small ball of soft, sweet choux pastry filled with cream and covered with chocolate sauce, served as a dessert.
profiting:Obtain a financial advantage or benefit.
profitless:Without benefit or advantage; pointless.
profits:Obtain a financial advantage or benefit.
profligacy:Reckless extravagance or wastefulness in the use of resources.
profligate:A licentious, dissolute person.
profound:The vast depth of the ocean or of the mind.
profounder:The deepest part of something, especially the ocean.
profoundest:The deepest part of something, especially the ocean.
profoundly:To a profound extent; extremely.
profundity:Deep insight; great depth of knowledge or thought.
profuse:(especially of something offered or discharged) exuberantly plentiful; abundant.
profusely:To a great degree; in large amounts.
profusion:An abundance or large quantity of something.
progenitor:A person or thing from which a person, animal, or plant is descended or originates; an ancestor or parent.
progenitors:A person or thing from which a person, animal, or plant is descended or originates; an ancestor or parent.
progeny:A descendant or the descendants of a person, animal, or plant; offspring.
progesterone:A steroid hormone released by the corpus luteum that stimulates the uterus to prepare for pregnancy.
prognoses:The likely course of a medical condition.
prognosis:The likely course of a disease or ailment.
prognosticate:Foretell or prophesy (an event in the future)
prognostication:The action of foretelling or prophesying future events.
program:Provide (a computer or other machine) with coded instructions for the automatic performance of a task.
programmable:(of a computer or other machine) able to be provided with coded instructions for the automatic performance of a task.
programmatic:Of the nature of or according to a program, schedule, or method.
programme:Provide (a computer or other machine) with coded instructions for the automatic performance of a task.Write computer programs.Input (instructions for the automatic performance of a task) into a computer or other machine.Cause (a person or animal) to behave in a predetermined way.
programmed:Provide (a computer or other machine) with coded instructions for the automatic performance of a task.Write computer programs.Input (instructions for the automatic performance of a task) into a computer or other machine.Cause (a person or animal) to behave in a predetermined way.
programmer:A person who writes computer programs.
programmers:A person who writes computer programs.
programmes:Provide (a computer or other machine) with coded instructions for the automatic performance of a task.Write computer programs.Input (instructions for the automatic performance of a task) into a computer or other machine.Cause (a person or animal) to behave in a predetermined way.
programming:The process or activity of writing computer programs.
programs:Provide (a computer or other machine) with coded instructions for the automatic performance of a task.Write computer programs.Input (instructions for the automatic performance of a task) into a computer or other machine.Cause (a person or animal) to behave in a predetermined way.
progress:Forward or onward movement toward a destination.
progressed:Calculated or determined according to the technique of progression.
progresses:Move forward or onward in space or time.
progressing:Move forward or onward in space or time.
progression:The process of developing or moving gradually towards a more advanced state.
progressions:The process of developing or moving gradually towards a more advanced state.
progressive:A person advocating or implementing social reform or new, liberal ideas.
progressively:Steadily; in stages.
progressives:A pair of eyeglasses having progressive lenses.
prohibit:Formally forbid (something) by law, rule, or other authority.
prohibited:That has been forbidden; banned.
prohibiting:Formally forbid (something) by law, rule, or other authority.
prohibition:The action of forbidding something, especially by law.
prohibitive:(of a law or rule) forbidding or restricting something.
prohibitively:In a way that forbids or prevents something.
prohibits:Formally forbid (something) by law, rule, or other authority.
project:Estimate or forecast (something) on the basis of present trends or data.
projected:Estimated or forecast on the basis of current trends or data.
projectile:A missile designed to be fired from a rocket or gun.
projectiles:A missile designed to be fired from a gun.
projecting:Extending outward beyond something else; protruding.
projection:An estimate or forecast of a future situation or trend based on a study of present ones.
projectionist:A person who operates a film projector.
projections:An estimate or forecast of a future situation based on a study of present trends.
projective:Relating to or derived by projection.
projector:An object that is used to project rays of light, especially an apparatus with a system of lenses for projecting slides or film onto a screen.
projectors:A device that is used to project rays of light, especially an apparatus with a system of lenses for projecting slides or film on to a screen.
projects:Estimate or forecast (something) on the basis of present trends or data.
prokaryotes:A microscopic single-celled organism which has neither a distinct nucleus with a membrane nor other specialized organelles, including the bacteria and cyanobacteria.
prolactin:A hormone released from the anterior pituitary gland that stimulates milk production after childbirth.
prolapse:A displacement of a part or organ of the body from its normal position, usually downward or outward, often resulting in it protruding from an orifice.
prolapsed:(of a part or organ of the body) displaced from its normal position, especially downward or outward, often so as to protrude from an orifice.
proletarian:A member of the proletariat.
proletarians:A member of the proletariat.
proletariat:Workers or working-class people, regarded collectively (often used with reference to Marxism)
proliferate:Increase rapidly in numbers; multiply.
proliferated:Increase rapidly in number; multiply.
proliferates:Increase rapidly in number; multiply.
proliferating:Increase rapidly in number; multiply.
proliferation:Rapid increase in numbers.
prolific:(of a plant, animal, or person) producing much fruit or foliage or many offspring.
prolix:(of speech or writing) using or containing too many words; tediously lengthy.
prologue:A separate introductory section of a literary or musical work.
prologues:A separate introductory section of a literary, dramatic, or musical work.
prolong:Extend the duration of.
prolongation:Extension of the duration of something.
prolonged:Continuing for a long time or longer than usual; lengthy.
prolonging:Extend the duration of.
prolongs:Extend the duration of.
promenade:A paved public walk, typically one along a waterfront at a resort.
promenaded:Take a leisurely public walk, ride, or drive so as to meet or be seen by others.
promenader:A person who takes a leisurely walk, ride, or drive in public.
promenaders:A person who takes a leisurely walk, ride, or drive in public.
promenades:Take a leisurely public walk, ride, or drive so as to meet or be seen by others.
prominence:The state of being important or famous.
prominent:Important; famous.
prominently:With an important role; to a large extent.
promiscuity:The fact or state of being promiscuous.
promiscuous:Having or characterized by many transient sexual relationships.
promise:Assure someone that one will definitely do, give, or arrange something; undertake or declare that something will happen.
promised:Assure someone that one will definitely do something or that something will happen.
promises:Assure someone that one will definitely do something or that something will happen.
promising:Showing signs of future success.
promissory:Conveying or implying a promise.
promontories:A point of high land that juts out into the sea or a large lake; a headland.
promontory:A point of high land that juts out into a large body of water; a headland.
promote:Further the progress of (something, especially a cause, venture, or aim); support or actively encourage.
promoted:Support or actively encourage (a cause, venture, etc.); further the progress of.
promoter:A person or company that finances or organizes a sporting event or theatrical production.
promoters:A person or company that finances or organizes a sporting event, concert, or theatrical production.
promotes:Support or actively encourage (a cause, venture, etc.); further the progress of.
promoting:Support or actively encourage (a cause, venture, etc.); further the progress of.
promotion:Activity that supports or provides active encouragement for the furtherance of a cause, venture, or aim.
promotional:Relating to the publicizing of a product, organization, or venture so as to increase sales or public awareness.
prompt:(of an event or fact) cause or bring about (an action or feeling)
prompted:(of an event or fact) cause or bring about (an action or feeling)
prompter:A person seated out of sight of the audience who supplies a forgotten word or line to an actor during the performance of a play.
prompters:A person seated out of sight of the audience who supplies a forgotten word or line to an actor during the performance of a play.
prompting:The action of saying something to persuade, encourage, or remind someone to do or say something.
promptitude:The quality of acting quickly and without delay.
promptly:With little or no delay; immediately.
prompts:(of an event or fact) cause or bring about (an action or feeling)
promulgate:Promote or make widely known (an idea or cause)
promulgated:Promote or make widely known (an idea or cause)
promulgating:Promote or make widely known (an idea or cause)
prone:Likely to or liable to suffer from, do, or experience something, typically something regrettable or unwelcome.
proneness:Liability to suffer from or experience something regrettable or unwelcome; susceptibility.
prong:Pierce or stab with a fork.
prongs:Pierce or stab with a fork.
pronominal:Relating to or serving as a pronoun.
pronoun:A word that can function by itself as a noun phrase and that refers either to the participants in the discourse (e.g., I, you) or to someone or something mentioned elsewhere in the discourse (e.g., she, it, this).
pronounce:Make the sound of (a word or part of a word) in the correct or a particular way.
pronounced:Very noticeable or marked; conspicuous.
pronouncement:A formal or authoritative announcement or declaration.
pronouncements:A formal or authoritative announcement or declaration.
pronounces:Make the sound of (a word or part of a word) in the correct or a particular way.
pronouncing:Make the sound of (a word or part of a word) in the correct or a particular way.
pronouns:A word that can function as a noun phrase used by itself and that refers either to the participants in the discourse (e.g. I, you) or to someone or something mentioned elsewhere in the discourse (e.g. she, it, this).
pronto:Promptly; quickly.
pronunciation:The way in which a word is pronounced.
pronunciations:The way in which a word is pronounced.
proof:Make (fabric) waterproof.
proofed:(of fabric) made waterproof.
proofing:The process of making a proof of a printed work, engraving, etc.
proofread:Read (written or printed material) and mark any errors.
proofreader:A person who reads written or printed material and marks any errors.
proofreading:Read (written or printed material) and mark any errors.
proofreads:Read (written or printed material) and mark any errors.
proofs:Make (fabric) waterproof.
prop:Position something underneath (someone or something) for support.
propaganda:Information, especially of a biased or misleading nature, used to promote or publicize a particular political cause or point of view.
propagandist:A person who promotes or publicizes a particular organization or cause.
propagandists:A person who disseminates propaganda.
propagate:Breed specimens of (a plant or animal) by natural processes from the parent stock.
propagated:Breed specimens of (a plant or animal) by natural processes from the parent stock.
propagates:Breed specimens of (a plant or animal) by natural processes from the parent stock.
propagating:Breed specimens of (a plant or animal) by natural processes from the parent stock.
propagation:The breeding of specimens of a plant or animal by natural processes from the parent stock.
propagator:A covered, typically heated container filled with earth or compost, used for germinating or raising seedlings.
propagators:A covered, typically heated container filled with earth or compost, used for germinating or raising seedlings.
propane:A flammable hydrocarbon gas of the alkane series, present in natural gas and used as bottled fuel.
propel:Drive, push, or cause to move in a particular direction, typically forward.
propellant:A substance that propels something.
propellants:A substance that propels something.
propelled:Drive or push something forwards.
propeller:A mechanical device for propelling a boat or aircraft, consisting of a revolving shaft with two or more broad, angled blades attached to it.
propellers:A mechanical device for propelling a boat or aircraft, consisting of a revolving shaft with two or more broad, angled blades attached to it.
propelling:Drive or push something forwards.
propels:Drive or push something forwards.
propensities:An inclination or natural tendency to behave in a particular way.
propensity:An inclination or natural tendency to behave in a particular way.
proper:Satisfactorily or correctly.
properly:Correctly or satisfactorily.
propertied:(of a person or group) owning property and land, especially in large amounts.
properties:A thing or things belonging to someone; possessions collectively.
property:A thing or things belonging to someone; possessions collectively.
prophecies:A prediction of what will happen in the future.
prophecy:A prediction.
prophesied:Say that (a specified thing) will happen in the future.
prophesies:Say that (a specified thing) will happen in the future.
prophesy:Say that (a specified thing) will happen in the future.
prophesying:Say that (a specified thing) will happen in the future.
prophet:A person regarded as an inspired teacher or proclaimer of the will of God.
prophetess:A female prophet.
prophetic:Accurately describing or predicting what will happen in the future.
prophets:A person regarded as an inspired teacher or proclaimer of the will of God.
prophylactic:A medicine or course of action used to prevent disease.
prophylactics:A medicine or course of action used to prevent disease.
prophylaxis:Action taken to prevent disease, especially by specified means or against a specified disease.
propinquity:The state of being close to someone or something; proximity.
propionate:A salt or ester of propionic acid.
propitiate:Win or regain the favor of (a god, spirit, or person) by doing something that pleases them.
propitiated:Win or regain the favour of (a god, spirit, or person) by doing something that pleases them.
propitiating:Win or regain the favour of (a god, spirit, or person) by doing something that pleases them.
propitiation:The action of propitiating or appeasing a god, spirit, or person.
propitious:Giving or indicating a good chance of success; favorable.
proponent:A person who advocates a theory, proposal, or project.
proponents:A person who advocates a theory, proposal, or course of action.
proportion:Adjust or regulate (something) so that it has a particular or suitable relationship to something else.
proportional:Corresponding in size or amount to something else.
proportionality:The quality of corresponding in size or amount to something else.
proportionally:In a way that corresponds in size or amount to something else.
proportionately:In a way that corresponds in size or amount to something else.
proportioned:Having dimensions or a comparative relationship of parts of a specified type.
proportions:Adjust or regulate (something) so that it has a particular or suitable relationship to something else.
proposal:A plan or suggestion, especially a formal or written one, put forward for consideration or discussion by others.
proposals:A plan or suggestion, especially a formal or written one, put forward for consideration by others.
propose:Put forward (an idea or plan) for consideration or discussion by others.
proposed:Put forward (a plan or suggestion) for consideration by others.
proposes:A proposition, a thesis; a remark.
proposing:Put forward (a plan or suggestion) for consideration by others.
proposition:Make a suggestion of sex to (someone with whom one is not sexually involved), especially in an unsubtle or offensive way.
propositional:Relating to, consisting of, or based on propositions.
propositioned:Make a suggestion of sex to (someone), especially in an unsubtle way.
propositioning:Make a suggestion of sex to (someone), especially in an unsubtle way.
propositions:Make a suggestion of sex to (someone), especially in an unsubtle way.
propound:Put forward (an idea, theory, or point of view) for consideration by others.
propounded:Put forward (an idea or theory) for consideration by others.
propounding:Put forward (an idea or theory) for consideration by others.
propped:Support or keep in position.
propping:Support or keep in position.
proprietary:An owner; proprietor.
proprietor:The owner of a business, or a holder of property.
proprietorial:Behaving as if one owned a particular thing or person; possessive.
proprietors:The owner of a business, or a holder of property.
proprietorship:The state or right of owning a business or holding property.
proprietress:A female proprietor.
propriety:The state or quality of conforming to conventionally accepted standards of behavior or morals.
proprioceptive:Relating to stimuli that are produced and perceived within an organism, especially those connected with the position and movement of the body.
props:Respect or credit due to a person.
propulsion:The action of driving or pushing forward.
propulsive:Having the quality of driving or pushing forward.
propylene:A gaseous hydrocarbon of the alkene series, made by cracking alkanes.
pros:A professional, especially in sport.
prosaic:Having the style or diction of prose; lacking poetic beauty.
prosaist:A person who writes in prose.
proscenium:The part of a theater stage in front of the curtain.
proscribe:Forbid, especially by law.
proscribed:Forbid, especially by law.
proscription:The action of forbidding something; banning.
proscriptive:(of a law or rule) forbidding or restricting something.
prose:Talk tediously.
prosecute:Institute legal proceedings against (a person or organization)
prosecuted:Institute or conduct legal proceedings against (a person or organization)
prosecutes:Institute or conduct legal proceedings against (a person or organization)
prosecuting:Institute or conduct legal proceedings against (a person or organization)
prosecution:The institution and conducting of legal proceedings against someone in respect of a criminal charge.
prosecutions:The institution and conducting of legal proceedings against someone in respect of a criminal charge.
prosecutor:A person, especially a public official, who institutes legal proceedings against someone.
prosecutorial:Relating to the institution and conducting of legal proceedings against someone in respect of a criminal charge.
prosecutors:A person, especially a public official, who institutes legal proceedings against someone.
proselytise:Convert or attempt to convert (someone) from one religion, belief, or opinion to another.
proselytising:The action of attempting to convert someone from one religion, belief, or opinion to another.
prosody:The patterns of rhythm and sound used in poetry.
prospect:The possibility or likelihood of some future event occurring.
prospecting:Search for mineral deposits, especially by drilling and excavation.
prospective:(of a person) expected or expecting to be something particular in the future.
prospectively:With consideration of or in preparation for the future.
prospector:A person who searches for mineral deposits, especially by drilling and excavation.
prospectors:A person who searches for mineral deposits, especially by drilling and excavation.
prospects:Search for mineral deposits, especially by drilling and excavation.
prospectus:A printed document that advertises or describes a school, commercial enterprise, forthcoming book, etc., in order to attract or inform clients, members, buyers, or investors.
prospectuses:A printed booklet advertising a school or university to potential parents or students or giving details of a share offer for the benefit of investors.
prosper:Succeed in material terms; be financially successful.
prospered:Succeed in material terms; be financially successful.
prospering:Succeed in material terms; be financially successful.
prosperity:The state of being prosperous.
prosperous:Successful in material terms; flourishing financially.
prospers:Succeed in material terms; be financially successful.
prostaglandin:Any of a group of compounds with varying hormone-like effects, notably the promotion of uterine contractions. They are cyclic fatty acids.
prostaglandins:Any of a group of compounds with varying hormone-like effects, notably the promotion of uterine contractions. They are cyclic fatty acids.
prostate:A gland surrounding the neck of the bladder in male mammals and releasing prostatic fluid.
prostates:A gland surrounding the neck of the bladder in male mammals and releasing a fluid component of semen.
prosthesis:An artificial body part, such as a leg, a heart, or a breast implant.
prosthetic:An artificial body part; a prosthesis.
prostitute:Offer (someone) for sexual activity in exchange for payment.
prostituted:Offer (someone) for sexual activity in exchange for payment.
prostitutes:Offer (someone) for sexual activity in exchange for payment.
prostituting:Offer (someone) for sexual activity in exchange for payment.
prostitution:The practice or occupation of engaging in sexual activity with someone for payment.
prostrate:Lay oneself flat on the ground face downward, especially in reverence or submission.
prostrated:Throw oneself flat on the ground so as to be lying face downwards, especially in reverence or submission.
prostrates:Throw oneself flat on the ground so as to be lying face downwards, especially in reverence or submission.
prostrating:Throw oneself flat on the ground so as to be lying face downwards, especially in reverence or submission.
prostration:The action of lying stretched out on the ground.
protactinium:The chemical element of atomic number 91, a radioactive metal of the actinide series, occurring in small amounts as a product of the natural decay of uranium.
protagonist:The leading character or one of the major characters in a drama, movie, novel, or other fictional text.
protagonists:The leading character or one of the major characters in a play, film, novel, etc.
protea:An evergreen shrub or small tree with large nectar-rich cone-like flower heads surrounded by brightly colored bracts, chiefly native to South Africa.
protean:Tending or able to change frequently or easily.
proteas:An evergreen shrub or small tree with large nectar-rich cone-like flower heads surrounded by brightly coloured bracts, chiefly native to South Africa.
protease:An enzyme which breaks down proteins and peptides.
protect:Keep safe from harm or injury.
protected:Preserved from harm, especially by means of formal or legal measures.
protecting:Keep safe from harm or injury.
protection:The action of protecting, or the state of being protected.
protectionism:The theory or practice of shielding a country's domestic industries from foreign competition by taxing imports.
protectionist:An advocate of the policy of shielding a country's domestic industries from foreign competition by taxing imports.
protectionists:An advocate of the policy of shielding a country's domestic industries from foreign competition by taxing imports.
protective:Capable of or intended to protect someone or something.
protector:A person or thing that protects someone or something.
protectorate:A state that is controlled and protected by another.
protectorates:A state that is controlled and protected by another.
protectors:A person or thing that protects someone or something.
protects:Keep safe from harm or injury.
protege:A person who is guided and supported by an older and more experienced or influential person.
protegee:A person who is guided and supported by an older and more experienced or influential person.
proteges:A person who is guided and supported by an older and more experienced or influential person.
protein:Any of a class of nitrogenous organic compounds that consist of large molecules composed of one or more long chains of amino acids and are an essential part of all living organisms, especially as structural components of body tissues such as muscle, hair, collagen, etc., and as enzymes and antibodies.
proteins:Any of a class of nitrogenous organic compounds which have large molecules composed of one or more long chains of amino acids and are an essential part of all living organisms, especially as structural components of body tissues such as muscle, hair, etc., and as enzymes and antibodies.
protest:Express an objection to what someone has said or done.
protestant:A member or follower of any of the Western Christian churches that are separate from the Roman Catholic Church and follow the principles of the Reformation, including the Baptist, Presbyterian, and Lutheran churches.
protestantism:The faith, practice, and Church order of the Protestant Churches.
protestants:A member or follower of any of the Western Christian Churches that are separate from the Roman Catholic Church in accordance with the principles of the Reformation, including the Baptist, Presbyterian, and Lutheran Churches.
protestation:An emphatic declaration that something is or is not the case.
protestations:An emphatic declaration in response to doubt or accusation.
protested:Express an objection to what someone has said or done.
protester:A person who publicly demonstrates strong objection to something; a demonstrator.
protesters:A person who publicly demonstrates opposition to something; a demonstrator.
protesting:The expression of disapproval of or objection to something.
protestor:A person who publicly demonstrates opposition to something; a demonstrator.
protestors:A person who publicly demonstrates opposition to something; a demonstrator.
protests:Express an objection to what someone has said or done.
protists:A single-celled organism of the kingdom Protista, such as a protozoan or simple alga.
protocol:The official procedure or system of rules governing affairs of state or diplomatic occasions.
protocols:The official procedure or system of rules governing affairs of state or diplomatic occasions.
proton:A stable subatomic particle occurring in all atomic nuclei, with a positive electric charge equal in magnitude to that of an electron, but of opposite sign.
protons:A stable subatomic particle occurring in all atomic nuclei, with a positive electric charge equal in magnitude to that of an electron.
protoplasm:The colorless material comprising the living part of a cell, including the cytoplasm, nucleus, and other organelles.
prototype:Make a prototype of (a product)
prototyped:Make a prototype of (a product)
prototypes:Make a prototype of (a product)
prototypical:Denoting the first, original, or typical form of something.
prototyping:Make a prototype of (a product)
protozoa:A phylum or group of phyla that comprises the single-celled microscopic animals, which include amoebas, flagellates, ciliates, sporozoans, and many other forms. They are now usually treated as a number of phyla belonging to the kingdom Protista.
protozoan:A single-celled microscopic animal of a group of phyla of the kingdom Protista, such as an amoeba, flagellate, ciliate, or sporozoan.
protozoans:A single-celled microscopic animal of a group of phyla of the kingdom Protista, such as an amoeba, flagellate, ciliate, or sporozoan.
protract:Prolong.
protracted:Lasting for a long time or longer than expected or usual.
protractor:An instrument for measuring angles, typically in the form of a flat semicircle marked with degrees along the curved edge.
protractors:An instrument for measuring angles, typically in the form of a flat semicircle marked with degrees along the curved edge.
protrude:Extend beyond or above a surface.
protruded:Extend beyond or above a surface.
protrudes:Extend beyond or above a surface.
protruding:Sticking out; projecting.
protrusion:Something that protrudes; a protuberance.
protrusions:Something that protrudes; a protuberance.
protrusive:Tending to protrude or project outward.
protuberance:A thing that protrudes from something else.
protuberances:A thing that protrudes from something else.
proud:Feeling deep pleasure or satisfaction as a result of one's own achievements, qualities, or possessions or those of someone with whom one is closely associated.
prouder:Feeling deep pleasure or satisfaction as a result of one's own achievements, qualities, or possessions or those of someone with whom one is closely associated.
proudest:Feeling deep pleasure or satisfaction as a result of one's own achievements, qualities, or possessions or those of someone with whom one is closely associated.
proudly:With a feeling of deep pleasure or satisfaction in one's own achievements, qualities, or possessions or those of someone with whom one is closely associated.
provably:In a way that is capable of being proved.
prove:Demonstrate the truth or existence of (something) by evidence or argument.
proved:Demonstrate the truth or existence of (something) by evidence or argument.
proven:Demonstrated by evidence or argument to be true or existing.
provenance:The place of origin or earliest known history of something.
provence:A former province of southeastern France, on the Mediterranean coast, east of the Rhône River. It is now part of the region of Provence–Alpes–Côte d'Azur.
proverb:A short pithy saying in general use, stating a general truth or piece of advice.
proverbial:(of a word or phrase) referred to in a proverb or idiom.
proverbs:A book of the Bible containing maxims attributed mainly to Solomon.
proves:Demonstrate the truth or existence of (something) by evidence or argument.
providable:Capable of being provided.
provide:Make available for use; supply.
provided:On the condition or understanding that.
providence:The protective care of God or of nature as a spiritual power.
provident:Making or indicative of timely preparation for the future.
providential:Occurring at a favorable time; opportune.
provider:A person or thing that provides something.
providers:A person or thing that provides something.
provides:Make available for use; supply.
providing:On the condition or understanding that.
province:A principal administrative division of certain countries or empires.
provinces:A principal administrative division of a country or empire.
provincial:An inhabitant of a province of a country or empire.
provincialism:The way of life or mode of thought characteristic of the regions outside the capital city of a country, especially when regarded as unsophisticated or narrow-minded.
proving:(in homeopathy) the testing of a remedy.
provision:Supply with food, drink, or equipment, especially for a journey.
provisional:A provisional postage stamp.
provisionally:Subject to further confirmation; for the time being.
provisioned:Supply with food, drink, or equipment, especially for a journey.
provisioning:Supply with food, drink, or equipment, especially for a journey.
provisions:Supply with food, drink, or equipment, especially for a journey.
provocation:Action or speech that makes someone annoyed or angry, especially deliberately.
provocations:Action or speech that makes someone angry, especially deliberately.
provocative:Causing annoyance, anger, or another strong reaction, especially deliberately.
provocatively:In a way that causes anger or another strong reaction, especially deliberately.
provoke:Stimulate or give rise to (a reaction or emotion, typically a strong or unwelcome one) in someone.
provoked:Stimulate or give rise to (a reaction or emotion, typically a strong or unwelcome one) in someone.
provokes:Stimulate or give rise to (a reaction or emotion, typically a strong or unwelcome one) in someone.
provoking:Causing annoyance; irritating.
provost:A senior administrative officer in certain colleges and universities.
prow:The portion of a ship's bow above water.
prowess:Skill or expertise in a particular activity or field.
prowl:(of a person or animal) move around restlessly and stealthily, especially in search of or as if in search of prey.
prowled:(of a person or animal) move about restlessly and stealthily, especially in search of prey.
prowler:A person who moves stealthily around or loiters near a place with a view to committing a crime, especially burglary.
prowlers:A person who moves stealthily about or loiters near a place with a view to committing a crime.
prowling:(of a person or animal) move about restlessly and stealthily, especially in search of prey.
prowls:(of a person or animal) move about restlessly and stealthily, especially in search of prey.
prows:The pointed front part of a ship; the bow.
proximal:Situated nearer to the center of the body or the point of attachment.
proximate:(especially of the cause of something) closest in relationship; immediate.
proximity:Nearness in space, time, or relationship.
proximo:Of next month.
proxy:The authority to represent someone else, especially in voting.
prude:A person who is or claims to be easily shocked by matters relating to sex or nudity.
prudence:The quality of being prudent; cautiousness.
prudent:Acting with or showing care and thought for the future.
prudential:Involving or showing care and forethought, especially in business.
prudently:In a way that shows care and thought for the future.
prudish:Having or revealing a tendency to be easily shocked by matters relating to sex or nudity; excessively concerned with sexual propriety.
prune:A plum preserved by drying and having a black, wrinkled appearance.
pruned:A plum preserved by drying and having a black, wrinkled appearance.
prunes:A plum preserved by drying and having a black, wrinkled appearance.
pruning:A plum preserved by drying and having a black, wrinkled appearance.
prurient:Having or encouraging an excessive interest in sexual matters.
pruritus:Severe itching of the skin, as a symptom of various ailments.
prussia:A former kingdom of Germany. Originally a small country on the southeastern shores of the Baltic Sea, it became a major European power, covering much of modern northeastern Germany and Poland, under Frederick the Great. After the Franco-Prussian War of 1870–71, it became the center of Bismarck's new German Empire, but was abolished following Germany's defeat in World War I.
prussian:A native or inhabitant of Prussia.
pry:Inquire too closely into a person's private affairs.
prying:Excessively interested in a person's private affairs; too inquisitive.
psalm:A sacred song or hymn, in particular any of those contained in the biblical Book of Psalms and used in Christian and Jewish worship.
psalmist:The author or composer of a psalm, especially of any of the biblical Psalms.
psalmody:The singing of psalms or similar sacred canticles, especially in public worship.
psalms:A sacred song or hymn, in particular any of those contained in the biblical Book of Psalms and used in Christian and Jewish worship.
psalter:The Book of Psalms.
psaltery:An ancient and medieval musical instrument like a dulcimer but played by plucking the strings with the fingers or a plectrum.
pseudo:A pretentious or insincere person.
pseudonym:A fictitious name, especially one used by an author.
pseudonymous:Writing or written under a false name.
pseudonyms:A fictitious name, especially one used by an author.
psoriasis:A skin disease marked by red, itchy, scaly patches.
psyche:The human soul, mind, or spirit.
psychedelia:Music, culture, or art based on the experiences produced by psychedelic drugs.
psychedelic:A psychedelic drug.
psychiatric:Relating to mental illness or its treatment.
psychiatrist:A medical practitioner specializing in the diagnosis and treatment of mental illness.
psychiatrists:A medical practitioner specializing in the diagnosis and treatment of mental illness.
psychiatry:The branch of medicine concerned with the study, diagnosis, and treatment of mental illness.
psychic:A person considered or claiming to have psychic powers; a medium.
psychics:A person considered or claiming to have psychic powers; a medium.
psycho:An unstable and aggressive person.
psychoanalyse:Examine or treat (a person or their behaviour) using psychoanalysis.
psychoanalysis:A system of psychological theory and therapy which aims to treat mental disorders by investigating the interaction of conscious and unconscious elements in the mind and bringing repressed fears and conflicts into the conscious mind by techniques such as dream interpretation and free association.
psychoanalyst:A person who practices psychoanalysis.
psychoanalysts:A person who practises psychoanalysis.
psychoanalytic:Relating to or involving psychoanalysis.
psychokinesis:The supposed ability to move objects by mental effort alone.
psycholinguistics:The study of the relationships between linguistic behavior and psychological processes, including the process of language acquisition.
psycholinguists:An expert in or student of the relationships between linguistic behaviour and psychological processes.
psychological:Of, affecting, or arising in the mind; related to the mental and emotional state of a person.
psychologically:In a way that affects the mind or relates to the emotional state of a person.
psychologies:The scientific study of the human mind and its functions, especially those affecting behaviour in a given context.
psychologist:An expert or specialist in psychology.
psychologists:An expert or specialist in psychology.
psychology:The scientific study of the human mind and its functions, especially those affecting behavior in a given context.
psychometric:Relating to or deriving from psychometry or psychometrics.
psychopath:A person suffering from chronic mental disorder with abnormal or violent social behavior.
psychopathic:Suffering from or constituting a chronic mental disorder with abnormal or violent social behavior.
psychopathology:The scientific study of mental disorders.
psychopaths:A person suffering from chronic mental disorder with abnormal or violent social behaviour.
psychoses:A severe mental disorder in which thought and emotions are so impaired that contact is lost with external reality.
psychosis:A severe mental disorder in which thought and emotions are so impaired that contact is lost with external reality.
psychosocial:Relating to the interrelation of social factors and individual thought and behavior.
psychosomatic:(of a physical illness or other condition) caused or aggravated by a mental factor such as internal conflict or stress.
psychotherapist:A person who treats mental disorders by psychological rather than medical means.
psychotherapists:A person who treats mental disorders by psychological rather than medical means.
psychotherapy:The treatment of mental disorder by psychological rather than medical means.
psychotic:A person suffering from a psychosis.
psychotics:A person suffering from a psychosis.
ptarmigan:A northern grouse of mountainous and Arctic regions, with feathered legs and feet and plumage that typically changes to white in winter.
ptarmigans:A northern grouse of mountainous and Arctic regions, with feathered legs and feet and plumage that typically changes to white in winter.
pterodactyl:A pterosaur of the late Jurassic period, with a long slender head and neck and a very short tail.
pterosaurs:A fossil flying reptile of the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, with membranous wings supported by a greatly lengthened fourth finger.
ptolemy:The name of all the Macedonian rulers of Egypt, a dynasty founded by Ptolemy, the close friend and general of Alexander the Great, who took charge of Egypt after the latter's death and declared himself king (Ptolemy I) in 304 BC. The dynasty ended with the death of Cleopatra in 30 BC.
pub:A tavern or bar.
puberty:The period during which adolescents reach sexual maturity and become capable of reproduction.
pubescent:A person at or approaching the age of puberty.
pubic:Relating to the pubes or pubis.
public:Ordinary people in general; the community.
publican:A person who owns or manages a pub.
publicans:A person who owns or manages a pub.
publication:The preparation and issuing of a book, journal, piece of music, or other work for public sale.
publicise:Make (something) widely known.
publicised:Make (something) widely known.
publicises:Make (something) widely known.
publicising:Make (something) widely known.
publicist:A person responsible for publicizing a product, person, or company.
publicists:A person responsible for publicizing a product, person, or company.
publicity:Notice or attention given to someone or something by the media.
publicly:So as to be seen by other people; in public.
publish:Prepare and issue (a book, journal, piece of music, etc.) for public sale, distribution, or readership.
published:(of a book, journal, piece of music, etc.) prepared and issued for public sale or readership.
publisher:A person or company that prepares and issues books, journals, music, or other works for sale.
publishers:A company or person that prepares and issues books, journals, or music for sale.A newspaper proprietor.
publishes:Prepare and issue (a book, journal, piece of music, etc.) for public sale, distribution, or readership.
publishing:The occupation, business, or activity of preparing and issuing books, journals, and other material for sale.
pubs:Frequent pubs.
pudding:A flavored, custard-like dessert made of milk, sugar, and a thickening agent such as egg yolks or corn starch.
puddings:A cooked sweet dish served after the main course of a meal.
puddle:Wet or cover (a surface) with water, especially rainwater.
puddles:Wet or cover (a surface) with water, especially rainwater.
puerile:Childishly silly and trivial.
puerperal:During or relating to the period of about six weeks after childbirth during which the mother's reproductive organs return to their original nonpregnant condition.
puff:Breathe in repeated short gasps.
puffballs:A fungus that produces a spherical or pear-shaped fruiting body which ruptures when ripe to release a cloud of spores.
puffed:Swollen.
puffer:A person or thing that puffs, in particular, a person who smokes.
puffin:A hole-nesting auk (seabird) of northern and Arctic waters, with a large head and a massive, brightly colored triangular bill.
puffing:Breathe in repeated short gasps.
puffins:An auk (seabird) of northern and Arctic waters which nests in holes, with a large head and a massive brightly coloured triangular bill.
puffs:Breathe in repeated short gasps.
puffy:(especially of part of the body) unusually swollen and soft.
pug:A dog of a dwarf breed like a bulldog with a broad flat nose and deeply wrinkled face.
pugilist:A boxer, especially a professional one.
pugnacious:Eager or quick to argue, quarrel, or fight.
pugs:A dog of a dwarf breed like a bulldog with a broad flat nose and deeply wrinkled face.
puissant:Having great power or influence.
puke:Vomit.
puking:Vomit.
pulchritude:Beauty.
puling:Crying querulously or weakly.
pull:Exert force on (someone or something) so as to cause movement toward oneself.
pulled:Exert force on (someone or something) so as to cause movement towards oneself.
pullets:A young hen, especially one less than one year old.
pulley:Hoist with a pulley.
pulleys:Hoist with a pulley.
pulling:Exert force on (someone or something) so as to cause movement towards oneself.
pullover:A garment, especially a sweater or jacket, put on over the head and covering the top half of the body.
pullovers:A knitted garment put on over the head and covering the top half of the body.
pulls:Exert force on (someone or something) so as to cause movement towards oneself.
pulmonary:Relating to the lungs.
pulp:Crush into a soft, shapeless mass.
pulped:Crush into a soft, wet, shapeless mass.
pulping:Crush into a soft, wet, shapeless mass.
pulpit:A raised platform or lectern in a church or chapel from which the preacher delivers a sermon.
pulpits:A raised enclosed platform in a church or chapel from which the preacher delivers a sermon.
pulps:Crush into a soft, wet, shapeless mass.
pulpy:Resembling or consisting of pulp; mushy.
pulsar:A celestial object, thought to be a rapidly rotating neutron star, that emits regular pulses of radio waves and other electromagnetic radiation at rates of up to one thousand pulses per second.
pulsars:A celestial object, thought to be a rapidly rotating neutron star, that emits regular pulses of radio waves and other electromagnetic radiation at rates of up to one thousand pulses per second.
pulsate:Expand and contract with strong regular movements.
pulsated:Expand and contract with strong regular movements.
pulsates:Expand and contract with strong regular movements.
pulsating:Characterized by a strong regular rhythm; throbbing.
pulse:A rhythmical throbbing of the arteries as blood is propelled through them, typically as felt in the wrists or neck.
pulsed:Throb rhythmically; pulsate.
pulses:Throb rhythmically; pulsate.
pulsing:Throb rhythmically; pulsate.
pulverise:Reduce to fine particles.
pulverised:Reduce to fine particles.
pulverising:Reduce to fine particles.
puma:A large American wild cat with a plain tawny to grayish coat, found from Canada to Patagonia.
pumas:A large American wild cat with a plain tawny to greyish coat, found from Canada to Patagonia.
pumice:Rub with pumice to smooth or clean.
pummel:Strike repeatedly with the fists.
pummelled:Strike repeatedly with the fists.
pummelling:Strike repeatedly with the fists.
pummels:Strike repeatedly with the fists.
pump:Force (liquid, gas, etc.) to move by or as if by means of a pump.
pumped:(of an inflatable object) filled up with air, especially by using a pump.
pumping:Force (liquid, gas, etc.) to move by or as if by means of a pump.
pumpkin:A large rounded orange-yellow fruit with a thick rind, edible flesh, and many seeds.
pumpkins:A large rounded orange-yellow fruit with a thick rind, the flesh of which can be used in sweet or savoury dishes.
pumps:Force (liquid, gas, etc.) to move by or as if by means of a pump.
pun:A joke exploiting the different possible meanings of a word or the fact that there are words which sound alike but have different meanings.
punch:Strike with the fist.
punchable:(of a person or their features) arousing intense annoyance or hostility.
punchbowl:A bowl used for mixing and serving punch.
punchcard:A card perforated according to a code, formerly used to program computers.
punched:Strike with the fist.
punches:Strike with the fist.
punching:Strike with the fist.
punchline:The final phrase or sentence of a joke or story, providing the humor or some other crucial element.
punchlines:The final phrase or sentence of a joke or story, providing the humour or some other crucial element.
punchy:Having an immediate impact; forceful.
punctate:Studded with or denoting dots or tiny holes.
punctilious:Showing great attention to detail or correct behavior.
punctual:Happening or doing something at the agreed or proper time; on time.
punctuality:The fact or quality of being on time.
punctually:At the agreed or proper time; promptly.
punctuate:Insert punctuation marks in (text)
punctuated:Insert punctuation marks in (text)
punctuates:Insert punctuation marks in (text)
punctuating:Insert punctuation marks in (text)
punctuation:The marks, such as period, comma, and parentheses, used in writing to separate sentences and their elements and to clarify meaning.
puncture:Make a puncture in (something)
punctured:Make a puncture in (something)
punctures:Make a puncture in (something)
puncturing:Make a puncture in (something)
pundit:An expert in a particular subject or field who is frequently called on to give opinions about it to the public.
pundits:An expert in a particular subject or field who is frequently called upon to give their opinions to the public.
pungent:Having a sharply strong taste or smell.
punier:Small and weak.
puniest:Small and weak.
punish:Inflict a penalty or sanction on (someone) as retribution for an offense, especially a transgression of a legal or moral code.
punishable:(of an act) subject to a judicial punishment.
punished:Inflict a penalty or sanction on (someone) as retribution for an offence, especially a transgression of a legal or moral code.
punishes:Inflict a penalty or sanction on (someone) as retribution for an offence, especially a transgression of a legal or moral code.
punishing:Physically and mentally demanding; arduous.
punishment:The infliction or imposition of a penalty as retribution for an offense.
punitive:Inflicting or intended as punishment.
punk:Trick or deceive.
punks:Trick or deceive.
punky:Characterized by or resembling punk rock music.
punned:Make a joke exploiting the different possible meanings of a word.
punnet:A small light basket or other container for fruit or vegetables.
punning:Making or involving a pun or play on words.
puns:Make a joke exploiting the different possible meanings of a word.
punster:A person who is fond of making puns.
punt:A long, narrow flat-bottomed boat, square at both ends and propelled with a long pole, used on inland waters chiefly for recreation.
punted:Travel in a punt.
punter:A player who punts.
punters:A person who gambles, places a bet, or makes a risky investment.
punting:Travel in a punt.
punts:Travel in a punt.
puny:Small and weak.
pup:A young dog.
pupa:An insect in its inactive immature form between larva and adult, e.g. a chrysalis.
pupae:An insect in its inactive immature form between larva and adult, e.g. a chrysalis.
pupated:(of a larva) become a pupa.
pupates:(of a larva) become a pupa.
pupating:(of a larva) become a pupa.
pupil:A student in school.
pupillage:The state of being a pupil or student.
pupils:A person who is taught by another, especially a schoolchild or student in relation to a teacher.
puppet:A movable model of a person or animal that is used in entertainment and is typically moved either by strings controlled from above or by a hand inside it.
puppeteer:A person who works puppets.
puppetry:The art of operating puppets, typically either by strings controlled from above or by hand.
puppets:A movable model of a person or animal that is typically moved either by strings controlled from above or by a hand inside it.
puppies:A young dog.
puppy:A young dog.
pups:(of bitches and certain other female animals) give birth to young.
purblind:Having impaired or defective vision.
purchase:Acquire (something) by paying for it; buy.
purchased:Acquire (something) by paying for it; buy.
purchaser:A person who buys something; a buyer.
purchasers:A person who buys something; a buyer.
purchases:Acquire (something) by paying for it; buy.
purchasing:Acquire (something) by paying for it; buy.
purdah:The practice among women in certain Muslim and Hindu societies of living in a separate room or behind a curtain, or of dressing in all-enveloping clothes, in order to stay out of the sight of men or strangers.
pure:Not mixed or adulterated with any other substance or material.
puree:Make a puree of (fruit or vegetables)
purees:Make a puree of (fruit or vegetables)
purely:In a pure manner.
purer:Not mixed or adulterated with any other substance or material.
purest:Not mixed or adulterated with any other substance or material.
purgative:A laxative.
purgatory:(in Roman Catholic doctrine) a place or state of suffering inhabited by the souls of sinners who are expiating their sins before going to heaven.
purge:Rid (someone or something) of an unwanted quality, condition, or feeling.
purged:Rid (someone or something) of an unwanted quality, condition, or feeling.
purges:Rid (someone or something) of an unwanted quality, condition, or feeling.
purging:The abrupt or violent removal of a group of people from an organization or place.
purification:The removal of contaminants from something.
purified:Having had contaminants removed; cleansed.
purifies:Remove contaminants from.
purify:Remove contaminants from.
purifying:Remove contaminants from.
purist:A person who insists on absolute adherence to traditional rules or structures, especially in language or style.
purists:A person who insists on absolute adherence to traditional rules or structures, especially in language or style.
puritan:A member of a group of English Protestants of the late 16th and 17th centuries who regarded the Reformation of the Church of England under Elizabeth as incomplete and sought to simplify and regulate forms of worship.
puritanical:Practicing or affecting strict religious or moral behavior.
puritanism:The beliefs or principles of a group of English Protestants of the late 16th and 17th centuries who regarded the Reformation of the Church under Elizabeth I as incomplete and sought to simplify and regulate forms of worship.Censorious moral beliefs, especially about self-indulgence and sex.
puritans:A member of a group of English Protestants of the late 16th and 17th centuries who regarded the Reformation of the Church under Elizabeth I as incomplete and sought to simplify and regulate forms of worship.A person with censorious moral beliefs, especially about self-indulgence and sex.
purity:Freedom from adulteration or contamination.
purl:Knit with a purl stitch.
purlieus:The area near or surrounding a place.A person's usual haunts.
purling:Knit with a purl stitch.
purlins:A horizontal beam along the length of a roof, resting on principals and supporting the common rafters or boards.
purloin:Steal (something)
purloined:Steal (something)
purls:Knit with a purl stitch.
purple:Become or make purple in color.
purples:Make or become purple in colour.
purport:Appear or claim to be or do something, especially falsely; profess.
purported:Appearing or stated to be true, though not necessarily so; alleged.
purportedly:As appears or is stated to be true, though not necessarily so; allegedly.
purporting:Appear to be or do something, especially falsely.
purports:Appear to be or do something, especially falsely.
purpose:Have as one's intention or objective.
purposed:Have as one's intention or objective.
purposeful:Having or showing determination or resolve.
purposefully:In a way that shows determination or resolve.
purposeless:Done or made with no discernible point or purpose.
purposely:On purpose; intentionally.
purposes:Have as one's intention or objective.
purposing:Have as one's intention or objective.
purposive:Having, serving, or done with a purpose.
purr:(of a cat) make a low continuous vibratory sound expressing contentment.
purred:(of a cat) make a low continuous vibratory sound expressing contentment.
purring:(of a cat) make a low continuous vibratory sound expressing contentment.
purrs:(of a cat) make a low continuous vibratory sound expressing contentment.
purse:(with reference to the lips) pucker or contract, typically to express disapproval or irritation.
pursed:(with reference to the lips) pucker or contract, typically to express disapproval or irritation.
purser:An officer on a ship who keeps the accounts, especially the head steward on a passenger vessel.
purses:(with reference to the lips) pucker or contract, typically to express disapproval or irritation.
pursing:(with reference to the lips) pucker or contract, typically to express disapproval or irritation.
pursuance:The carrying out of a plan or action.
pursuant:In accordance with (a law or a legal document or resolution)
pursue:Follow (someone or something) in order to catch or attack them.
pursued:Follow or chase (someone or something)
pursuer:A person or thing that pursues another.
pursuers:A person or thing that pursues another.
pursues:Follow or chase (someone or something)
pursuing:Follow or chase (someone or something)
pursuit:The action of following or pursuing someone or something.
pursuits:The action of pursuing someone or something.
purvey:Provide or supply (food, drink, or other goods) as one's business.
purveyance:The action of purveying something.
purveyed:Provide or supply (food, drink, or other goods) as one's business.
purveying:Provide or supply (food, drink, or other goods) as one's business.
purveyor:A person who sells or deals in particular goods.
purveyors:A person who sells or deals in particular goods.
purview:The scope of the influence or concerns of something.
pus:A thick yellowish or greenish opaque liquid produced in infected tissue, consisting of dead white blood cells and bacteria with tissue debris and serum.
push:Exert force on (someone or something), typically with one's hand, in order to move them away from oneself or the origin of the force.
pushable:Capable of being pushed.
pushed:Exert force on (someone or something) in order to move them away from oneself.
pusher:A person who sells illegal drugs.
pushers:A person who sells illegal drugs.
pushes:Exert force on (someone or something) in order to move them away from oneself.
pushier:Excessively or unpleasantly self-assertive or ambitious.
pushing:Exert force on (someone or something) in order to move them away from oneself.
pushovers:A person who is easy to overcome or influence.
pushups:(of a bra) padded or underwired so as to give uplift to the breasts.
pushy:Excessively or unpleasantly self-assertive or ambitious.
puss:An affectionate term for a cat.
pussy:A cat.
pussycat:A cat.
pussyfooting:Act in a cautious or non-committal way.
pustule:A small blister or pimple on the skin containing pus.
pustules:A small blister or pimple on the skin containing pus.
put:Move to or place in a particular position.
putative:Generally considered or reputed to be.
putrefaction:The process of decay or rotting in a body or other organic matter.
putrefy:(of a body or other organic matter) decay or rot and produce a fetid smell.
putrefying:(of a body or other organic matter) decay or rot and produce a fetid smell.
putrescent:Undergoing the process of decay; rotting.
putrid:(of organic matter) decaying or rotting and emitting a fetid smell.
puts:Move to or place in a particular position.
putsch:A violent attempt to overthrow a government.
putt:Try to hit a golf ball into the hole by striking it gently so that it rolls across the green.
putted:Try to hit a golf ball into the hole by striking it gently so that it rolls across the green.
putter:A golf club designed for use in putting, typically with a flat-faced head.
putters:A golf club designed for use in putting, typically with a flat-faced head.
putti:A representation of a naked child, especially a cherub or a cupid in Renaissance art.
putting:Try to hit a golf ball into the hole by striking it gently so that it rolls across the green.
putts:Try to hit a golf ball into the hole by striking it gently so that it rolls across the green.
putty:Seal or cover (something) with putty.
puzzle:Cause (someone) to feel confused because they cannot understand or make sense of something.
puzzled:Unable to understand; perplexed.
puzzlement:A feeling of confusion through lack of understanding.
puzzler:A difficult question or problem.
puzzles:Cause (someone) to feel confused because they cannot understand something.
puzzling:Causing one to be puzzled; perplexing.
pygmies:A member of certain peoples of very short stature in equatorial Africa and parts of SE Asia. Pygmies (e.g. the Mbuti and Twa peoples) are typically nomadic hunter-gatherers with an average male height not above 150 cm (4 ft 11 in.).
pygmy:A member of certain peoples of very short stature in equatorial Africa and parts of Southeast Asia.
pyjamas:A loose-fitting jacket and trousers for sleeping in.
pylon:A tower used for carrying power lines high above the ground.A tower or post marking a path for light aircraft, cars, or other vehicles, especially in racing.A monumental gateway to an ancient Egyptian temple formed by two truncated pyramidal towers.
pyracantha:A thorny evergreen Eurasian shrub with white flowers and bright red or yellow berries, which is a popular ornamental.
pyramid:Heap or stack in the shape of a pyramid.
pyramids:Stack or arrange in the shape of a pyramid.
pyre:A heap of combustible material, especially one for burning a corpse as part of a funeral ceremony.
pyres:A heap of combustible material, especially one for burning a corpse as part of a funeral ceremony.
pyridine:A colorless volatile liquid with an unpleasant odor, present in coal tar and used chiefly as a solvent.
pyrite:A shiny yellow mineral consisting of iron disulfide and typically occurring as intersecting cubic crystals.
pyrites:A shiny yellow mineral consisting of iron disulphide and typically occurring as intersecting cubic crystals.
pyrolysis:Decomposition brought about by high temperatures.
pyromaniac:A person suffering from pyromania.
pyrotechnic:Relating to fireworks.
pyrotechnics:A fireworks display.
pyroxenes:Any of a large class of rock-forming silicate minerals, generally containing calcium, magnesium, and iron and typically occurring as prismatic crystals.
python:A large heavy-bodied nonvenomous snake occurring throughout the Old World tropics, killing prey by constriction and asphyxiation.
pythons:A large heavy-bodied non-venomous snake occurring throughout the Old World tropics, killing prey by constriction and asphyxiation.
qatar:A sheikhdom that occupies a peninsula on the western coast of the Persian Gulf; population 2,200,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Doha; language, Arabic (official).
qua:In the capacity of; as being.
quack:The characteristic harsh sound made by a duck.
quacked:(of a duck) make a quack.
quacking:(of a duck) make a quack.
quacks:(of a duck) make a quack.
quadrangle:A four-sided plane figure, especially a square or rectangle.
quadrangles:A four-sided plane figure, especially a square or rectangle.
quadrangular:(of an object or architectural structure) having four sides.
quadrant:Each of four quarters of a circle.
quadrants:Each of four quarters of a circle.
quadratic:A quadratic equation.
quadratically:So as to form a quadratic expression; according to a quadratic equation or function.
quadratics:A quadratic equation.
quadrature:The process of constructing a square with an area equal to that of a circle, or of another figure bounded by a curve.
quadrilateral:A four-sided figure.
quadrilaterals:A four-sided figure.
quadrille:A square dance performed typically by four couples and containing five figures, each of which is a complete dance in itself.
quadrilles:A square dance performed typically by four couples and containing five figures, each of which is a complete dance in itself.
quadripartite:Consisting of four parts.
quadrophonic:(of sound reproduction) transmitted through four channels.
quadruped:An animal which has four feet, especially an ungulate mammal.
quadrupeds:An animal which has four feet, especially an ungulate mammal.
quadruple:Increase or be increased fourfold.
quadrupled:Increase or be increased fourfold.
quadruples:Increase or be increased fourfold.
quadruplets:Each of four children born at one birth.
quadruplicate:Multiply (something) by four.
quadrupling:Increase or be increased fourfold.
quadruply:To four times the normal extent or degree; four times.
quadrupole:A distribution of electric charge or magnetization consisting of four equal monopoles, or two equal dipoles, arranged close together with alternating polarity and operating as a unit.
quaff:Drink (something, especially an alcoholic drink) heartily.
quaffed:Drink (something, especially an alcoholic drink) heartily.
quaffing:Drink (something, especially an alcoholic drink) heartily.
quagga:An extinct South African zebra that had a yellowish-brown coat with darker stripes, exterminated in 1883.
quaggas:A South African zebra, extinct since 1883, that had a yellowish-brown coat with darker stripes.
quagmire:A soft boggy area of land that gives way underfoot.
quagmires:A soft boggy area of land that gives way underfoot.
quail:A small, short-tailed Old World game bird resembling a small partridge, typically having brown camouflaged plumage.
quailed:A small short-tailed Old World game bird resembling a tiny partridge, typically having brown camouflaged plumage.
quails:A small short-tailed Old World game bird resembling a tiny partridge, typically having brown camouflaged plumage.
quaint:Attractively unusual or old-fashioned.
quainter:Attractively unusual or old-fashioned.
quaintly:In an attractively unusual or old-fashioned manner.
quake:(especially of the earth) shake or tremble.
quaked:(especially of the earth) shake or tremble.
quaker:A member of the Religious Society of Friends, a Christian movement founded by George Fox c.1650 and devoted to peaceful principles. Central to the Quakers' belief is the doctrine of the “Inner Light,” or sense of Christ's direct working in the soul. This has led them to reject both formal ministry and all set forms of worship.
quakers:A member of the Religious Society of Friends, a Christian movement founded by George Fox c.1650 and devoted to peaceful principles. Central to the Quakers' belief is the doctrine of the ‘Inner Light’, or sense of Christ's direct working in the soul. This has led them to reject both formal ministry and all set forms of worship.
quakes:(especially of the earth) shake or tremble.
quaking:(especially of the earth) shake or tremble.
qualification:A quality or accomplishment that makes someone suitable for a particular job or activity.
qualifications:A pass of an examination or an official completion of a course, especially one conferring status as a recognized practitioner of a profession or activity.
qualified:Officially recognized as being trained to perform a particular job; certified.
qualifier:A person or team that qualifies for a competition or its final rounds.
qualifiers:A person or team that qualifies for a competition or its final rounds.
qualifies:Be entitled to a particular benefit or privilege by fulfilling a necessary condition.
qualify:Be entitled to a particular benefit or privilege by fulfilling a necessary condition.
qualifying:The qualification stage of a sporting event.
qualitative:Relating to, measuring, or measured by the quality of something rather than its quantity.
qualitatively:With regard to the quality or qualities of something rather than its quantity.
qualities:The standard of something as measured against other things of a similar kind; the degree of excellence of something.
quality:The standard of something as measured against other things of a similar kind; the degree of excellence of something.
qualm:An uneasy feeling of doubt, worry, or fear, especially about one's own conduct; a misgiving.
qualms:An uneasy feeling of doubt, worry, or fear, especially about one's own conduct; a misgiving.
quantifiable:Able to be expressed or measured as a quantity.
quantification:The expression or measurement of the quantity of something.
quantified:Express or measure the quantity of.
quantifier:An expression (e.g. all, some) that indicates the scope of a term to which it is attached.
quantifiers:An expression (e.g. all, some) that indicates the scope of a term to which it is attached.
quantifies:Express or measure the quantity of.
quantify:Express or measure the quantity of.
quantifying:Express or measure the quantity of.
quantise:Form into quanta, in particular restrict the number of possible values of (a quantity) or states of (a system) so that certain variables can assume only certain discrete magnitudes.
quantised:Form into quanta, in particular restrict the number of possible values of (a quantity) or states of (a system) so that certain variables can assume only certain discrete magnitudes.
quantitative:Relating to, measuring, or measured by the quantity of something rather than its quality.
quantitatively:With regard to the quantity of something rather than its quality.
quantity:The amount or number of a material or immaterial thing not usually estimated by spatial measurement.
quantum:A discrete quantity of energy proportional in magnitude to the frequency of the radiation it represents.
quarantine:Place (a person or animal) in quarantine in order to prevent the spread of an infectious disease.
quarantined:Place (a person or animal) in quarantine in order to prevent the spread of an infectious disease.
quark:Any of a number of subatomic particles carrying a fractional electric charge, postulated as building blocks of the hadrons. Quarks have not been directly observed but theoretical predictions based on their existence have been confirmed experimentally.
quarks:Any of a number of subatomic particles carrying a fractional electric charge, postulated as building blocks of the hadrons. Quarks have not been directly observed but theoretical predictions based on their existence have been confirmed experimentally.
quarrel:A heated argument or disagreement, typically about a trivial issue and between people who are usually on good terms.
quarrelled:Have a heated argument or disagreement.
quarrelling:Have a heated argument or disagreement.
quarrels:Have a heated argument or disagreement.
quarrelsome:Given to or characterized by quarreling.
quarried:Extract (stone or other materials) from a quarry.
quarries:Extract (stone or other materials) from a quarry.
quarry:Extract (stone or other materials) from a quarry.
quarrying:Extract (stone or other materials) from a quarry.
quarrymen:A worker in a quarry.
quart:A unit of liquid capacity equal to a quarter of a gallon or two pints, equivalent in the US to approximately 0.94 liter and in Britain to approximately 1.13 liters.
quarter:Divide into four equal or corresponding parts.
quarterback:Play as a quarterback for (a particular team)
quartered:Divide into four equal or corresponding parts.
quartering:The coats of arms marshalled on a shield to denote the marriages into a family of the heiresses of others.
quarterly:Once every quarter of a year.
quartermaster:A military officer responsible for providing quarters, rations, clothing, and other supplies.
quarters:Divide into four equal or corresponding parts.
quarterstaff:A stout pole 6–8 feet (2–2.5 m) long, tipped with iron, formerly used as a weapon.
quarterstaffs:A stout pole 6–8 feet long, formerly used as a weapon.
quartet:A group of four people playing music or singing together.
quartets:A group of four people playing music or singing together.
quartic:A quartic equation, function, curve, or surface.
quartics:A quartic equation, function, curve, or surface.
quartile:Each of four equal groups into which a population can be divided according to the distribution of values of a particular variable.
quartiles:Each of four equal groups into which a population can be divided according to the distribution of values of a particular variable.
quarto:A size of book page resulting from folding each printed sheet into four leaves (eight pages).
quarts:A unit of liquid capacity equal to a quarter of a gallon or two pints, equivalent in Britain to approximately 1.13 litres and in the US to approximately 0.94 litre.
quartz:A hard white or colorless mineral consisting of silicon dioxide, found widely in igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary rocks. It is often colored by impurities (as in amethyst, citrine, and cairngorm).
quartzite:An extremely compact, hard, granular rock consisting essentially of quartz. It often occurs as silicified sandstone, as in sarsen stones.
quasar:A massive and extremely remote celestial object, emitting exceptionally large amounts of energy, and typically having a starlike image in a telescope. It has been suggested that quasars contain massive black holes and may represent a stage in the evolution of some galaxies.
quasars:A massive and extremely remote celestial object, emitting exceptionally large amounts of energy, and typically having a starlike image in a telescope. It has been suggested that quasars contain massive black holes and may represent a stage in the evolution of some galaxies.
quash:Reject or void, especially by legal procedure.
quashed:Reject as invalid, especially by legal procedure.
quashing:Reject as invalid, especially by legal procedure.
quasilinear:Almost or approximately linear; having some properties of linearity but not strictly linear.
quaternary:The Quaternary period or the system of deposits laid down during it.
quaternion:A complex number of the form w + xi + yj + zk, where w, x, y, z are real numbers and i, j, k are imaginary units that satisfy certain conditions.
quaternions:A complex number of the form w + xi + yj + zk, where w, x, y, z are real numbers and i, j, k are imaginary units that satisfy certain conditions.
quatrain:A stanza of four lines, especially one having alternate rhymes.
quatrains:A stanza of four lines, especially one having alternate rhymes.
quaver:(of a person's voice) shake or tremble in speaking, typically through nervousness or emotion.
quavered:(of a person's voice) shake or tremble in speaking, typically through nervousness or emotion.
quavering:(of a person's voice) shake or tremble in speaking, typically through nervousness or emotion.
quavers:(of a person's voice) shake or tremble in speaking, typically through nervousness or emotion.
quay:A concrete, stone, or metal platform lying alongside or projecting into water for loading and unloading ships.
quays:A stone or metal platform lying alongside or projecting into water for loading and unloading ships.
quayside:A quay and the area around it.
queasy:Nauseated; feeling sick.
quebec:A heavily forested province in eastern Canada; population 7,546,131 (2006). Settled by the French in 1608, it was ceded to the British in 1763 and became one of the original four provinces in the Dominion of Canada in 1867. The majority of its residents are French-speaking, and it is a focal point of the French-Canadian nationalist movement, which advocates independence for Quebec. French name Québec.
queen:Behave in an unpleasantly superior way toward (someone)
queenly:Fit for or appropriate to a queen.
queens:A borough of New York City, at the western end of Long Island; population 2,229,379 (2000).
queer:Spoil or ruin (an agreement, event, or situation)
queerest:Spoil or ruin (an agreement, event, or situation)
queerly:In a strange or perplexing way.
quell:Put an end to (a rebellion or other disorder), typically by the use of force.
quelled:Put an end to (a rebellion or other disorder), typically by the use of force.
quelling:Put an end to (a rebellion or other disorder), typically by the use of force.
quells:Put an end to (a rebellion or other disorder), typically by the use of force.
quench:Satisfy (one's thirst) by drinking.
quenched:Satisfy (one's thirst) by drinking.
quencher:A refreshing drink.
quenchers:A refreshing drink.
quenches:Satisfy (one's thirst) by drinking.
quenching:Satisfy (one's thirst) by drinking.
queried:Ask a question about something, especially in order to express one's doubts about it or to check its validity or accuracy.
queries:Ask a question about something, especially in order to express one's doubts about it or to check its validity or accuracy.
quern:A simple hand mill for grinding grain, typically consisting of two circular stones, the upper of which is rotated or rubbed to and fro on the lower one.
querulous:Complaining in a petulant or whining manner.
query:Ask a question about something, especially in order to express one's doubts about it or to check its validity or accuracy.
querying:Ask a question about something, especially in order to express one's doubts about it or to check its validity or accuracy.
quest:A long or arduous search for something.
questing:Making a long or arduous search for something.
question:Ask questions of (someone), especially in an official context.
questionable:Doubtful as regards truth or quality.
questioned:Ask (someone) questions, especially in an official context.
questioner:A person who asks questions, especially in an official context.
questioners:A person who asks questions, especially in an official context.
questioning:The action of asking someone questions, especially in an official context.
questionnaire:A set of printed or written questions with a choice of answers, devised for the purposes of a survey or statistical study.
questionnaires:A set of printed or written questions with a choice of answers, devised for the purposes of a survey or statistical study.
questions:Ask (someone) questions, especially in an official context.
quests:Search for something.
queue:A line or sequence of people or vehicles awaiting their turn to be attended to or to proceed.
queued:Take one's place in a queue.
queueing:Take one's place in a queue.
queues:Take one's place in a queue.
queuing:Take one's place in a queue.
quibble:A slight objection or criticism about a trivial matter.
quibbles:Argue or raise objections about a trivial matter.
quibbling:The action of raising objections about a trivial matter.
quiche:A baked flan or tart with a savory filling thickened with eggs.
quiches:A baked flan or tart with a savoury filling thickened with eggs, usually eaten cold.
quick:At a fast rate; quickly.
quicken:Make or become faster or quicker.
quickened:Make or become faster or quicker.
quickening:Made or becoming faster or quicker.
quickens:Make or become faster or quicker.
quicker:At a fast rate; quickly.
quickest:At a fast rate; quickly.
quicklime:A white caustic alkaline substance consisting of calcium oxide, which is obtained by heating limestone and which combines with water with the production of much heat; lime.
quickly:At a fast speed; rapidly.
quickness:The quality of moving fast or doing something in a short time.
quicksand:Loose wet sand that yields easily to pressure and sucks in anything resting on or falling into it.
quicksands:Loose wet sand that yields easily to pressure and sucks in anything resting on or falling into it.
quicksilver:The liquid metal mercury.
quid:One pound sterling.
quids:One pound sterling.
quiesce:To become quiescent; to subside into.
quiescence:Inactivity or dormancy.
quiescent:In a state or period of inactivity or dormancy.
quiet:Make or become silent, calm, or still.
quieted:Make or become silent, calm, or still.
quieten:Make or become quiet and calm.
quietened:Make or become quiet and calm.
quietening:Make or become quiet and calm.
quietens:Make or become quiet and calm.
quieter:Make or become silent, calm, or still.
quietest:Make or become silent, calm, or still.
quieting:Make or become silent, calm, or still.
quietly:In a quiet manner.
quietness:Absence of noise or bustle; calm.
quiets:Make or become silent, calm, or still.
quietus:Death or something that causes death, regarded as a release from life.
quiff:A piece of hair, especially on a man, brushed upward and backward from the forehead.
quill:Form (fabric) into small cylindrical folds.
quills:Form (fabric) into small cylindrical folds.
quilt:Join together (layers of fabric or padding) with lines of stitching to form a warm bed covering or garment, or for decorative effect.
quilted:(of a garment, bed covering, etc.) made of two layers of cloth filled with padding held in place by lines of stitching.
quilting:The making of quilts as a craft or leisure activity.
quilts:Join together (layers of fabric or padding) with lines of stitching to form a warm bed covering or garment, or for decorative effect.
quince:A hard, acid pear-shaped fruit used in preserves or as flavoring.
quincentenary:The five-hundredth anniversary of a significant event; a quincentennial.
quinces:A hard, acid pear-shaped fruit used in preserves or as flavouring.
quinine:A bitter crystalline compound present in cinchona bark, used as a tonic and formerly as an antimalarial drug.
quinquennial:Recurring every five years.
quintessence:The most perfect or typical example of a quality or class.
quintessential:Representing the most perfect or typical example of a quality or class.
quintessentially:Used to emphasize the most perfect or typical example of a quality or class.
quintet:A group of five people playing music or singing together.
quintets:A group of five people playing music or singing together.
quintic:An expression, equation, curve, or surface of the fifth degree.
quintillion:A thousand raised to the power of six (10¹⁸).
quintuple:Increase or cause to increase fivefold.
quip:A witty remark.
quipped:Make a witty remark.
quipper:A person who makes quips.
quips:Make a witty remark.
quire:Four sheets of paper or parchment folded to form eight leaves, as in medieval manuscripts.
quirk:(with reference to a person's mouth or eyebrow) move or twist suddenly, especially to express surprise or amusement.
quirkier:Having or characterized by peculiar or unexpected traits or aspects.
quirkiest:Having or characterized by peculiar or unexpected traits or aspects.
quirks:(with reference to a person's mouth or eyebrow) move or twist suddenly, especially to express surprise or amusement.
quirky:Characterized by peculiar or unexpected traits.
quisling:A traitor who collaborates with an enemy force occupying their country.
quit:Leave (a place), usually permanently.
quite:To the utmost or most absolute extent or degree; absolutely; completely.
quits:(of two people) on even terms, especially because a debt or score has been settled.
quitted:Leave (a place), usually permanently.
quitter:A person who gives up easily or does not have the courage or determination to finish a task.
quitting:Leave (a place), usually permanently.
quiver:Tremble or shake with a slight rapid motion.
quivered:Tremble or shake with a slight rapid motion.
quivering:The action of trembling or shaking with a slight rapid motion.
quivers:Tremble or shake with a slight rapid motion.
quixotic:Exceedingly idealistic; unrealistic and impractical.
quiz:Ask (someone) questions.
quizzed:Ask (someone) questions.
quizzes:Ask (someone) questions.
quizzical:(of a person's expression or behavior) indicating mild or amused puzzlement.
quizzing:Ask (someone) questions.
quoins:Provide (a wall) with quoins or corners.
quoits:Throw or propel like a quoit.
quondam:That once was; former.
quorate:(of a meeting) attended by a quorum and so having valid proceedings.
quorum:The minimum number of members of an assembly or society that must be present at any of its meetings to make the proceedings of that meeting valid.
quota:A fixed share of something that a person or group is entitled to receive or is bound to contribute.
quotable:(of a person or remark) suitable for or worth quoting.
quotas:A fixed share of something that a person or group is entitled to receive or is bound to contribute.
quotation:A group of words taken from a text or speech and repeated by someone other than the original author or speaker.
quotations:A group of words taken from a text or speech and repeated by someone other than the original author or speaker.
quote:Repeat or copy out (a group of words from a text or speech), typically with an indication that one is not the original author or speaker.
quoted:Repeat or copy out (words from a text or speech written or spoken by another person)
quoter:A person who quotes or uses quotations, especially habitually.
quotes:Repeat or copy out (words from a text or speech written or spoken by another person)
quotidian:Of or occurring every day; daily.
quotient:A result obtained by dividing one quantity by another.
quotients:A result obtained by dividing one quantity by another.
quoting:Repeat or copy out (words from a text or speech written or spoken by another person)
rabat:The capital of Morocco, an industrial port on the Atlantic Coast; population 1,787,300 (est. 2009). It was founded as a military fort in the 12th century by the Almohads.
rabbi:A Jewish scholar or teacher, especially one who studies or teaches Jewish law.
rabbis:A Jewish scholar or teacher, especially one who studies or teaches Jewish law.
rabbit:A burrowing, gregarious, plant-eating mammal with long ears, long hind legs, and a short tail.
rabbiting:Hunt rabbits.
rabbits:Hunt rabbits.
rabble:A disorderly crowd; a mob.
rabid:Having or proceeding from an extreme or fanatical support of or belief in something.
rabies:A contagious and fatal viral disease of dogs and other mammals that causes madness and convulsions, transmissible through the saliva to humans.
raccoon:A grayish-brown American mammal that has a foxlike face with a black mask and a ringed tail.
raccoons:A greyish-brown American mammal that has a foxlike face with a black mask and a ringed tail.
race:Compete with another or others to see who is fastest at covering a set course or achieving an objective.
racecourse:A racetrack.
raced:Compete with another or others to see who is fastest at covering a set course or achieving an objective.
racehorse:A horse bred, trained, and kept for racing.
racer:An animal or means of transportation bred or designed especially for racing.
racers:An animal or means of transport bred or designed for racing.
races:Compete with another or others to see who is fastest at covering a set course or achieving an objective.
racetrack:A ground or track for horse or dog racing.
rachis:A stem of a plant, especially a grass, bearing flower stalks at short intervals.
racial:Relating to the major groupings into which humankind is sometimes divided on the basis of physical characteristics or shared ancestry.
racially:In a way that relates to race or racial difference.
racier:Lively, entertaining, and typically sexually titillating.
raciest:Lively, entertaining, and typically sexually titillating.
racing:Moving swiftly.
racism:Prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism by an individual, community, or institution against a person or people on the basis of their membership in a particular racial or ethnic group, typically one that is a minority or marginalized.
racist:A person who is prejudiced against or antagonistic toward people on the basis of their membership in a particular racial or ethnic group, typically one that is a minority or marginalized.
racists:A person who is prejudiced against or antagonistic towards people on the basis of their membership of a particular racial or ethnic group, typically one that is a minority or marginalized.
rack:Cause extreme physical or mental pain to; subject to extreme stress.Torture (someone) on the rack.
racked:Cause extreme pain, anguish, or distress to.Torture (someone) on the rack.
racket:A type of bat with a round or oval frame strung with catgut, nylon, etc., used especially in tennis, badminton, and squash.
racketeering:Dishonest and fraudulent business dealings.
rackets:A ball game for two or four people played with rackets in a plain four-walled court, distinguished from squash in particular by the use of a solid, harder ball.
racking:Cause extreme pain, anguish, or distress to.Torture (someone) on the rack.
racks:Cause extreme pain, anguish, or distress to.Torture (someone) on the rack.
raconteur:A person who tells anecdotes in a skillful and amusing way.
racoon:A greyish-brown American mammal that has a foxlike face with a black mask and a ringed tail.
racquet:A bat with a round or oval frame strung with catgut, nylon, etc., used especially in tennis, badminton, and squash.
racy:(of speech, writing, or behavior) lively, entertaining, and typically mildly titillating sexually.
rad:Radian(s).
radar:A system for detecting the presence, direction, distance, and speed of aircraft, ships, and other objects, by sending out pulses of high-frequency electromagnetic waves that are reflected off the object back to the source.
radial:A radial tire.
radials:A radial tyre.
radian:A unit of angle, equal to an angle at the center of a circle whose arc is equal in length to the radius.
radiance:Light or heat as emitted or reflected by something.
radiant:A point or object from which light or heat radiates, especially a heating element in an electric or gas heater.
radiate:Emit (energy, especially light or heat) in the form of rays or waves.
radiation:The emission of energy as electromagnetic waves or as moving subatomic particles, especially high-energy particles which cause ionization.
radiative:Involving or accompanied by the emission of radiation.
radiator:A thing that radiates or emits light, heat, or sound.
radiators:A thing that radiates or emits light, heat, or sound.
radical:A person who advocates thorough or complete political or social reform; a member of a political party or part of a party pursuing such aims.
radicalism:The beliefs or actions of people who advocate thorough or complete political or social reform.
radically:In a thorough or fundamental way; completely.
radicals:A person who advocates thorough or complete political or social change, or a member of a political party or section of a party pursuing such aims.
radii:Give a rounded form to (a corner or edge)
radio:The transmission and reception of electromagnetic waves of radio frequency, especially those carrying sound messages.
radioactive:Emitting or relating to the emission of ionizing radiation or particles.
radioactivity:The emission of ionizing radiation or particles caused by the spontaneous disintegration of atomic nuclei.
radioed:Communicate or send a message by radio.
radiogram:another term for radiograph
radiograph:Produce an image of (something) on a sensitive plate or film by X-rays, gamma rays, or similar radiation.
radiographer:A medical technician who operates equipment to produce radiographic images.
radiographic:Involving the production of images on a sensitive plate or film by X-rays, gamma rays, or similar radiation, as used in medical examination.
radiological:Relating to the science of X-rays and other high-energy radiation.
radiologist:A person who uses X-rays or other high-energy radiation, especially a doctor specializing in radiology.
radiology:The science dealing with X-rays and other high-energy radiation, especially the use of such radiation for the diagnosis and treatment of disease.
radiometric:Relating to the measurement of radioactivity.
radionuclide:A radioactive nuclide.
radios:Communicate or send a message by radio.
radiotherapy:another term for radiation therapy
radish:A swollen pungent-tasting edible root, especially a variety which is small, spherical, and red, and eaten raw with salad.
radium:The chemical element of atomic number 88, a rare radioactive metal of the alkaline earth series. It was formerly used as a source of radiation for radiotherapy.
radius:Give a rounded form to (a corner or edge)
radix:The base of a system of numeration.
radon:The chemical element of atomic number 86, a rare radioactive gas belonging to the noble gas series.
raffia:A palm tree native to tropical Africa and Madagascar, with a short trunk and leaves that may grow up to 60 feet (18 m) long.
raffle:Offer (something) as a prize in a raffle.
raffles:Offer as a prize in a raffle.
raft:Travel on or as if on a raft.
rafter:One of several internal beams extending from the eaves to the peak of a roof and constituting its framework.
rafters:A beam forming part of the internal framework of a roof.
rafting:The sport or pastime of traveling down a river on a raft.
rafts:Travel on or as if on a raft.
raftsman:A man who works on a raft.
rag:A piece of old cloth, especially one torn from a larger piece, used typically for cleaning things.
ragamuffin:A person, typically a child, in ragged, dirty clothes.
ragbag:A bag in which scraps of fabric and old clothes are kept for use.
rage:Violent, uncontrollable anger.
raged:Feel or express violent uncontrollable anger.
rages:Feel or express violent uncontrollable anger.
ragged:(of cloth or clothes) old and torn.
raging:Showing violent uncontrollable anger.
rags:Give a decorative effect to (a painted surface) by applying paint, typically of a different colour, with a rag.
ragtime:Music characterized by a syncopated melodic line and regularly accented accompaniment, evolved by black American musicians in the 1890s and played especially on the piano.
ragwort:A yellow-flowered plant of the daisy family that is a common weed of grazing land. It is toxic to livestock, especially when dried.
raid:Conduct a raid on.
raided:Conduct a raid on.
raider:A person who attacks an enemy in the enemy's territory; a marauder.
raiders:A person who attacks an enemy in their territory; a marauder.
raiding:Conduct a raid on.
raids:Conduct a raid on.
rail:Provide or enclose (a space or place) with a rail or rails.
railed:Provide or enclose (a space or place) with a rail or rails.
railing:A fence or barrier made of rails.
railings:A fence or barrier made of rails.
raillery:Good-humored teasing.
railroad:Press (someone) into doing something by rushing or coercing them.
rails:Provide or enclose (a space or place) with a rail or rails.
railway:A track made of steel rails along which trains run; a railroad.
railways:A track made of steel rails along which trains run.
raiment:Clothing.
rain:Moisture condensed from the atmosphere that falls visibly in separate drops.
rainbow:An arch of colors formed in the sky in certain circumstances, caused by the refraction and dispersion of the sun's light by rain or other water droplets in the atmosphere.
rainbows:An arch of colours visible in the sky, caused by the refraction and dispersion of the sun's light by rain or other water droplets in the atmosphere. The colours of the rainbow are generally said to be red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
raincoat:A long coat made from waterproofed or water-resistant fabric.
raincoats:A long coat, typically having a belt, made from waterproofed or water-resistant fabric.
raindrop:A single drop of rain.
raindrops:A single drop of rain.
rained:Rain falls.
rainfall:The fall of rain.
rainforest:A luxuriant, dense forest rich in biodiversity, found typically in tropical areas with consistently heavy rainfall.
rainforests:A luxuriant, dense forest rich in biodiversity, found typically in tropical areas with consistently heavy rainfall.
rainier:(of weather, a period, or an area) having or characterized by considerable rainfall.
raining:Rain falls.
rains:Rain falls.
rainstorm:A storm with heavy rain.
rainwater:Water that has fallen as or been obtained from rain.
rainy:(of weather, a period of time, or an area) having a great deal of rainfall.
raise:Lift or move to a higher position or level.
raised:Elevated to a higher position or level; lifted.
raiser:A thing that increases the amount, level, or strength of something.
raises:Lift or move to a higher position or level.
raisin:A partially dried grape.
raising:Lift or move to a higher position or level.
raisins:A partially dried grape.
raj:British sovereignty in India.
rajah:An Indian king or prince.
rake:Collect, gather, or move with a rake or similar implement.
raked:Draw together with a rake or similar implement.
rakes:Draw together with a rake or similar implement.
raking:Draw together with a rake or similar implement.
rakish:Having or displaying a dashing, jaunty, or slightly disreputable quality or appearance.
rallied:(of troops) come together again in order to continue fighting after a defeat or dispersion.
rallies:(of troops) come together again in order to continue fighting after a defeat or dispersion.
rally:(of troops) come together again in order to continue fighting after a defeat or dispersion.
rallying:The action or process of coming together to support a person or cause or take concerted action.
ram:Roughly force (something) into place.
ramble:Walk for pleasure, typically without a definite route.
rambler:A person who walks for pleasure, especially in the countryside.
rambling:(of writing or speech) lengthy and confused or inconsequential.
ramification:A consequence of an action or event, especially when complex or unwelcome.
ramifications:A complex or unwelcome consequence of an action or event.
ramify:Form branches or offshoots.
rammed:Very crowded; packed.
ramming:Roughly force (something) into place.
ramp:Provide with a ramp.
rampage:(especially of a large group of people) rush around in a violent and uncontrollable manner.
rampaging:(especially of a large group of people) move through a place in a violent and uncontrollable manner.
rampant:(especially of something unwelcome or unpleasant) flourishing or spreading unchecked.
rampart:Fortify or surround with or as if with a rampart.
ramparts:Fortify or surround with or as if with a rampart.
ramped:Provide with a ramp.
ramping:Provide with a ramp.
ramps:Provide with a ramp.
ramrod:Force a proposed measure to be accepted or completed quickly.
rams:Roughly force (something) into place.
ramshackle:(especially of a house or vehicle) in a state of severe disrepair.
ran:Move at a speed faster than a walk, never having both or all the feet on the ground at the same time.
ranch:A large farm, especially in the western US and Canada, where cattle or other animals are bred and raised.
rancher:A person who owns or runs a ranch.
ranches:Run a ranch.
ranching:The activity or business of breeding cattle on a ranch.
rancid:(of foods containing fat or oil) smelling or tasting unpleasant as a result of being old and stale.
rancorous:Characterized by bitterness or resentment.
rancour:Bitterness or resentfulness, especially when long standing.
rand:The basic monetary unit of South Africa, equal to 100 cents.
random:An unknown, unspecified, or odd person.
randomise:Make (a set of items, people, etc.) unpredictable, unsystematic, or random in order or arrangement.
randomly:Without method or conscious decision; indiscriminately.
randomness:The quality or state of lacking a pattern or principle of organization; unpredictability.
rands:The basic monetary unit of South Africa, equal to 100 cents.
randy:Sexually aroused or excited.
rang:Surround (someone or something), especially for protection or containment.
range:Vary or extend between specified limits.
ranged:Vary or extend between specified limits.
ranger:A keeper of a park, forest, or area of countryside.
rangers:A keeper of a park, forest, or area of countryside.
ranges:Vary or extend between specified limits.
ranging:Vary or extend between specified limits.
rangy:(of a person) tall and slim with long, slender limbs.
rani:A Hindu queen, either by marriage to a raja or in her own right.
ranis:A Hindu queen.
rank:Give (someone or something) a rank or place within a grading system.
ranked:Give (someone or something) a rank or place within a grading system.
ranker:A soldier in the ranks; a private.
rankers:A soldier in the ranks; a private.
ranking:A position in a scale of achievement or status; a classification.
rankings:A position in a hierarchy or scale.
rankle:(of a comment, event, or fact) cause annoyance or resentment that persists.
rankles:(of a comment or fact) cause continuing annoyance or resentment.
rankling:(of a comment or fact) cause continuing annoyance or resentment.
ranks:Give (someone or something) a rank or place within a grading system.
ransack:Go hurriedly through (a place) stealing things and causing damage.
ransacked:Go through (a place) stealing things and causing damage.
ransacking:Go through (a place) stealing things and causing damage.
ransom:Obtain the release of (a prisoner) by making a payment demanded.
ransomed:Obtain the release of (a captive) by paying a ransom.
rant:Speak or shout at length in a wild, impassioned way.
ranted:Speak or shout at length in an angry, impassioned way.
ranter:A person who rants.
ranters:A person who rants.
ranting:A long, angry, and impassioned speech.
rantings:Lengthy, angry, and impassioned speech.
rants:Speak or shout at length in an angry, impassioned way.
rap:Strike (a hard surface) with a series of rapid audible blows, especially in order to attract attention.
rapacious:Aggressively greedy or grasping.
rapacity:Aggressive greed.
rape:(typically of a man) force (another person) to have sexual intercourse with the offender against their will.
rapeseed:Seeds of the rape plant, used chiefly for oil.
rapid:A fast-flowing and turbulent part of the course of a river.
rapidity:The quality of moving or reacting with great speed.
rapidly:Very quickly; at a great rate.
rapids:A fast-flowing and turbulent part of the course of a river.
rapier:A thin, light sharp-pointed sword used for thrusting.
rapiers:A thin, light sharp-pointed sword used for thrusting.
rapine:The violent seizure of someone's property.
rapist:A person who commits rape.
rapped:Strike (a hard surface) with a series of rapid audible blows, especially in order to attract attention.
rapping:Strike (a hard surface) with a series of rapid audible blows, especially in order to attract attention.
rapport:A close and harmonious relationship in which the people or groups concerned understand each other's feelings or ideas and communicate well.
rapporteur:A person appointed by an organization to report on the proceedings of its meetings.
rapports:A close and harmonious relationship in which the people or groups concerned understand each other's feelings or ideas and communicate well.
rapprochement:(especially in international relations) an establishment or resumption of harmonious relations.
raps:Strike (a hard surface) with a series of rapid audible blows, especially in order to attract attention.
rapt:Completely fascinated by what one is seeing or hearing.
raptor:A bird of prey, e.g., an eagle, hawk, falcon, or owl.
rapture:(according to some millenarian teaching) transport (a believer) from earth to heaven at the Second Coming of Christ.
raptures:(according to some millenarian teaching) transport (a believer) from earth to heaven at the Second Coming of Christ.
rapturous:Characterized by, feeling, or expressing great pleasure or enthusiasm.
rare:(of an event, situation, or condition) not occurring very often.
rarebit:A dish of melted and seasoned cheese on toast, sometimes with other ingredients.
rarefaction:Diminution in the density of something, especially air or a gas.
rarefied:(of air, especially that at high altitudes) of lower pressure than usual; thin.
rarely:Not often; seldom.
rarer:(of an event, situation, or condition) not occurring very often.
rarest:(of an event, situation, or condition) not occurring very often.
raring:Very enthusiastic and eager to do something.
rarities:The state or quality of being rare.
rarity:The state or quality of being rare.
rascal:A mischievous or cheeky person, especially a child or man (typically used in an affectionate way)
rased:Completely destroy (a building, town, or other settlement)
rash:Displaying or proceeding from a lack of careful consideration of the possible consequences of an action.
rasher:A thin slice of bacon.
rashes:Acting or done without careful consideration of the possible consequences; impetuous.
rashly:Without careful consideration of the possible consequences; impetuously.
rasing:Completely destroy (a building, town, or other settlement)
rasp:Make a harsh, grating noise.
raspberries:An edible soft fruit related to the blackberry, consisting of a cluster of reddish-pink drupelets.
raspberry:An edible soft fruit related to the blackberry, consisting of a cluster of reddish-pink drupelets.
rasped:Make a harsh, grating noise.
rasper:A person or thing that scrapes something with or as if with a rasp.
rasping:Harsh-sounding and unpleasant; grating.
rasps:Make a harsh, grating noise.
raspy:Hoarse or harsh-sounding.
raster:A rectangular pattern of parallel scanning lines followed by the electron beam on a television screen or computer monitor.
rat:A rodent that resembles a large mouse, typically having a pointed snout and a long, sparsely haired tail. Some kinds have become cosmopolitan and are sometimes responsible for transmitting diseases.
rate:Assign a standard or value to (something) according to a particular scale.
rated:Assign a standard or value to (something) according to a particular scale.
rater:A person who, or a thing which, rates something; (in early use especially) a person who fixes the rate for a tax, wage, etc.
rates:Assign a standard or value to (something) according to a particular scale.
rather:Used to indicate one's preference in a particular matter.
ratification:The action of signing or giving formal consent to a treaty, contract, or agreement, making it officially valid.
ratified:Sign or give formal consent to (a treaty, contract, or agreement), making it officially valid.
ratify:Sign or give formal consent to (a treaty, contract, or agreement), making it officially valid.
ratifying:Sign or give formal consent to (a treaty, contract, or agreement), making it officially valid.
rating:A classification or ranking of someone or something based on a comparative assessment of their quality, standard, or performance.
ratings:A classification or ranking of someone or something based on a comparative assessment of their quality, standard, or performance.
ratio:The quantitative relation between two amounts showing the number of times one value contains or is contained within the other.
ration:Allow each person to have only a fixed amount of (a particular commodity)
rational:A rational number.
rationale:A set of reasons or a logical basis for a course of action or a particular belief.
rationalising:Attempt to explain or justify (behaviour or an attitude) with logical reasons, even if these are not appropriate.
rationalism:A belief or theory that opinions and actions should be based on reason and knowledge rather than on religious belief or emotional response.
rationalist:A person who bases their opinions and actions on reason and knowledge rather than on religious belief or emotional response.
rationality:The quality of being based on or in accordance with reason or logic.
rationally:By reasonable or logical means.
rationing:Allow each person to have only a fixed amount of (a commodity)
rations:Allow each person to have only a fixed amount of (a commodity)
ratios:The quantitative relation between two amounts showing the number of times one value contains or is contained within the other.
rats:Hunt or kill rats.
rattle:Make or cause to make a rapid succession of short, sharp knocking sounds, typically as a result of shaking and striking repeatedly against a hard surface or object.
rattled:Make or cause to make a rapid succession of short, sharp knocking sounds.
rattler:A rattlesnake.
rattles:Make or cause to make a rapid succession of short, sharp knocking sounds.
rattlesnake:A heavy-bodied American pit viper with a series of horny rings on the tail that, when vibrated, produce a characteristic rattling sound as a warning.
rattling:Making a series of short, sharp knocking sounds.
ratty:Resembling or characteristic of a rat.
raucous:Making or constituting a disturbingly harsh and loud noise.
ravage:Cause severe and extensive damage to.
ravaged:Severely damaged; devastated.
ravages:Cause severe and extensive damage to.
ravaging:Cause severe and extensive damage to.
rave:Talk wildly or incoherently, as if one were delirious or insane.
raved:Talk incoherently, as if one were delirious or mad.
ravel:Untangle or unravel something.
ravelled:Untangle or unravel something.
raven:A large heavily built crow with mainly black plumage, feeding chiefly on carrion.
ravening:(of a ferocious wild animal) extremely hungry and hunting for prey.
ravenous:Extremely hungry.
ravens:A large heavily built crow with mainly black plumage, feeding chiefly on carrion.
raver:A person who regularly goes to raves.
raves:Talk incoherently, as if one were delirious or mad.
ravine:A deep, narrow gorge with steep sides.
raving:Wild, irrational, or incoherent talk.
ravioli:Small pasta envelopes containing ground meat, cheese, or vegetables.
ravish:Seize and carry off (someone) by force.
ravished:Seize and carry off (someone) by force.
ravishing:Delightful; entrancing.
raw:(of food) uncooked.
rawest:(of food) not cooked.
ray:Spread from or as if from a central point.
rayed:Having rays of a specified number or kind.
rayon:A textile fiber or fabric made from regenerated cellulose (viscose)
rays:Spread from or as if from a central point.
raze:Completely destroy (a building, town, or other site)
razed:Completely destroy (a building, town, or other settlement)
razes:Completely destroy (a building, town, or other settlement)
razing:Completely destroy (a building, town, or other settlement)
razor:Cut with a razor.
razors:Cut with a razor.
razzmatazz:another term for razzle-dazzle
re:In the matter of (used typically as the first word in the heading of an official document or to introduce a reference in an official letter)
reabsorb:Absorb (something) again.
reabsorption:The process of absorbing something again.
reach:Stretch out an arm in a specified direction in order to touch or grasp something.
reachable:Able to be reached; accessible or achievable.
reached:Stretch out an arm in a specified direction in order to touch or grasp something.
reaches:Stretch out an arm in a specified direction in order to touch or grasp something.
reaching:Stretch out an arm in a specified direction in order to touch or grasp something.
reacquired:Acquire (something) again.
reacquisition:The action or process of acquiring something again.
react:Respond or behave in a particular way in response to something.
reactant:A substance that takes part in and undergoes change during a reaction.
reactants:A substance that takes part in and undergoes change during a reaction.
reacted:Act in response to something; respond in a particular way.
reacting:Act in response to something; respond in a particular way.
reaction:An action performed or a feeling experienced in response to a situation or event.
reactionaries:A reactionary person.
reactionary:A reactionary person.
reactions:Something done, felt, or thought in response to a situation or event.
reactivate:Restore (something) to a state of activity; bring back into action.
reactivated:Restore (something) to a state of activity; bring back into action.
reactivates:Restore (something) to a state of activity; bring back into action.
reactivating:Restore (something) to a state of activity; bring back into action.
reactivation:The action or process of restoring something to an active state.
reactive:Showing a response to a stimulus.
reactivity:The state or power of being reactive or the degree to which a thing is reactive.
reactor:An apparatus or structure in which fissile material can be made to undergo a controlled, self-sustaining nuclear reaction with the consequent release of energy.A container or apparatus in which substances are made to react chemically, especially one in an industrial plant.
reactors:An apparatus or structure in which fissile material can be made to undergo a controlled, self-sustaining nuclear reaction with the consequent release of energy.A container or apparatus in which substances are made to react chemically, especially one in an industrial plant.
reacts:Act in response to something; respond in a particular way.
read:Look at and comprehend the meaning of (written or printed matter) by mentally interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.
readability:The quality of being legible or decipherable.
readable:Able to be read or deciphered; legible.
readapt:Become adjusted to changed conditions again.
reader:A person who reads or who is fond of reading.
readers:A person who reads or who is fond of reading.
readership:The readers of a newspaper, magazine, or book regarded collectively.
readerships:The readers of a newspaper, magazine, or book regarded collectively.
readied:Prepare (someone or something) for an activity or purpose.
readier:Prepare (someone or something) for an activity or purpose.
readies:Prepare (someone or something) for an activity or purpose.
readiest:Prepare (someone or something) for an activity or purpose.
readily:Without hesitation or reluctance; willingly.
readiness:The state of being fully prepared for something.
reading:The action or skill of reading written or printed matter silently or aloud.
readings:The action or skill of reading.
readjust:Set or adjust (something) again.
readjusted:Set or adjust (something) again.
readjusting:Set or adjust (something) again.
readjustment:An alteration or correction made to achieve a desired fit, appearance, or result.
readjustments:An alteration or correction made to achieve a desired fit, appearance, or result.
readmission:The process or fact of being admitted to a place or organization again.
readmit:Admit (someone) to a place or organization again.
readmits:Admit (someone) to a place or organization again.
readmitted:Admit (someone) to a place or organization again.
reads:Look at and comprehend the meaning of (written or printed matter) by interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.
ready:Prepare (someone or something) for an activity or purpose.
readying:Prepare (someone or something) for an activity or purpose.
reaffirm:State again as a fact; assert again strongly.
reaffirmation:A reassertion or confirmation of a fact or belief.
reaffirmed:State again strongly.
reaffirming:State again strongly.
reaffirms:State again strongly.
reagent:A substance or mixture for use in chemical analysis or other reactions.
reagents:A substance or mixture for use in chemical analysis or other reactions.
real:Really; very.
realign:Change or restore to a different or former position or state.
realigned:Change or restore to a different or former position or state.
realigning:Change or restore to a different or former position or state.
realignment:The action of changing or restoring something to a different or former position or state.
realignments:The action of changing or restoring something to a different or former position or state.
realigns:Change or restore to a different or former position or state.
realisable:Able to be achieved or made to happen.
realisation:An act of becoming fully aware of something as a fact.
realise:Become fully aware of (something) as a fact; understand clearly.
realised:Become fully aware of (something) as a fact; understand clearly.
realises:Become fully aware of (something) as a fact; understand clearly.
realising:Become fully aware of (something) as a fact; understand clearly.
realism:The attitude or practice of accepting a situation as it is and being prepared to deal with it accordingly.
realist:A person who accepts a situation as it is and is prepared to deal with it accordingly.
realistic:Having or showing a sensible and practical idea of what can be achieved or expected.
realistically:In a way that demonstrates a sensible and practical idea of what can be achieved or expected.
realists:A person who accepts a situation as it is and is prepared to deal with it accordingly.
reality:The world or the state of things as they actually exist, as opposed to an idealistic or notional idea of them.
reallocate:Allocate in a different way.
reallocated:Allocate again or in a different way.
reallocates:Allocate again or in a different way.
reallocating:Allocate again or in a different way.
really:In actual fact, as opposed to what is said or imagined to be true or possible.
realm:A kingdom.
realms:A kingdom.
realness:The state or quality of actually existing or occurring in fact, and not being imagined or supposed.
realpolitik:A system of politics or principles based on practical rather than moral or ideological considerations.
reals:Really; very.
realty:Real, fixed property.
ream:500 (formerly 480) sheets of paper.
reams:500 (formerly 480) sheets of paper.
reanimated:Restore to life or consciousness; revive.
reanimating:Restore to life or consciousness; revive.
reap:Cut or gather (a crop or harvest)
reaped:Cut or gather (a crop or harvest)
reaper:A person or machine that harvests a crop.
reapers:A person or machine that harvests a crop.
reaping:Cut or gather (a crop or harvest)
reappear:Appear again.
reappearance:The fact of someone or something arriving, becoming visible, or coming into existence again.
reappeared:Appear again.
reappearing:Appear again.
reappears:Appear again.
reapplied:Make another application or request.
reapply:Make another application or request.
reapplying:Make another application or request.
reappoint:Appoint (someone) once again to a position they have previously held.
reappointed:Appoint (someone) once again to a position they have previously held.
reappraisal:An assessment of something or someone again or in a different way.
reappraised:Appraise or assess again or in a different way.
reappraising:Appraise or assess again or in a different way.
reaps:Cut or gather (a crop or harvest)
rear:The back part of something, especially a building or vehicle.
reared:The back part of something, especially a building or vehicle.
rearguard:The soldiers positioned at the rear of a body of troops, especially those protecting an army when it is in retreat.
rearing:The back part of something, especially a building or vehicle.
rearm:Provide with a new supply of weapons.
rearmament:The process of equipping military forces with a new supply of weapons.
rearmed:Provide with a new supply of weapons.
rearming:Provide with a new supply of weapons.
rearms:Provide with a new supply of weapons.
rearrange:Move (something) into a more acceptable position or state.
rearranged:Change the position of.
rearrangement:The action or process of changing the position, time, or order of something.
rearrangements:The action or process of changing the position, time, or order of something.
rearranges:Change the position of.
rearranging:Change the position of.
rears:The back part of something, especially a building or vehicle.
rearward:Toward the back.
reason:A cause, explanation, or justification for an action or event.
reasonable:(of a person) having sound judgment; fair and sensible.
reasonableness:Sound judgment; fairness.
reasonably:In a fair and sensible way.
reasoned:Underpinned by logic or good sense.
reasoning:The action of thinking about something in a logical, sensible way.
reasons:Think, understand, and form judgements logically.
reassemble:(of a group) gather together again.
reassert:Assert again.
reassess:Consider or assess again, especially while paying attention to new or different factors.
reassessment:The consideration or assessment of something again, in the light of new or different factors.
reassessments:The consideration or assessment of something again, in the light of new or different factors.
reassign:Appoint (someone) to a different job or task.
reassigned:Appoint (someone) to a different post or role.
reassignment:The allocation or distribution of work or resources in a different way.
reassurance:The action of removing someone's doubts or fears.
reassure:Say or do something to remove the doubts or fears of (someone)
reassured:Say or do something to remove the doubts or fears of (someone)
reassuring:Serving or intended to remove someone's doubts or fears.
reassuringly:In a way that removes someone's doubts and fears.
reattempt:Attempt to achieve (something) again.
reawaken:(with reference to a feeling or state) emerge or cause to emerge again; awaken again.
reawakening:(with reference to a feeling or state) emerge or cause to emerge again; awaken again.
rebate:Pay back (such a sum of money)
rebates:Pay back (a sum of money) as a rebate.
rebel:A person who rises in opposition or armed resistance against an established government or ruler.
rebelled:Rise in opposition or armed resistance to an established government or leader.
rebelling:Rise in opposition or armed resistance to an established government or leader.
rebellion:An act of violent or open resistance to an established government or ruler.
rebellious:Showing a desire to resist authority, control, or convention.
rebels:Rise in opposition or armed resistance to an established government or leader.
rebind:Give a new binding to (a book)
rebirth:The process of being reincarnated or born again.
rebook:Book (accommodation or a ticket) again.
reboot:(with reference to a computer system) boot or be booted again.
rebooted:(with reference to a computer system) boot or be booted again.
reborn:Brought back to life or activity.
rebound:Bounce back through the air after hitting a hard surface or object.
rebounds:Bounce back through the air after hitting something hard.
rebuff:Reject (someone or something) in an abrupt or ungracious manner.
rebuffed:Reject (someone or something) in an abrupt or ungracious manner.
rebuffs:Reject (someone or something) in an abrupt or ungracious manner.
rebuild:Build (something) again after it has been damaged or destroyed.
rebuilding:Build (something) again after it has been damaged or destroyed.
rebuilds:Build (something) again after it has been damaged or destroyed.
rebuilt:Build (something) again after it has been damaged or destroyed.
rebuke:Express sharp disapproval or criticism of (someone) because of their behavior or actions.
rebuked:Express sharp disapproval or criticism of (someone) because of their behaviour or actions.
rebukes:Express sharp disapproval or criticism of (someone) because of their behaviour or actions.
rebuking:The expression of sharp disapproval or criticism.
reburied:Bury again.
rebury:Bury again.
rebus:A puzzle in which words are represented by combinations of pictures and individual letters; for instance, apex might be represented by a picture of an ape followed by a letter X.
rebut:Claim or prove that (evidence or an accusation) is false.
rebuttal:A refutation or contradiction.
rebuttals:An instance of rebutting evidence or an accusation.
rebutted:Claim or prove that (evidence or an accusation) is false.
rebutting:Claim or prove that (evidence or an accusation) is false.
recalcitrant:A person with an obstinately uncooperative attitude.
recalculate:Calculate again, typically using different data.
recalculated:Calculate again, typically using different data.
recalibrate:Calibrate (something) again or differently.
recalibrating:Calibrate (something) again or differently.
recalibration:The process or action of recalibrating an instrument or device.
recall:Bring (a fact, event, or situation) back into one's mind; remember.
recalled:Bring (a fact, event, or situation) back into one's mind; remember.
recalling:Bring (a fact, event, or situation) back into one's mind; remember.
recalls:Bring (a fact, event, or situation) back into one's mind; remember.
recant:Say that one no longer holds an opinion or belief, especially one considered heretical.
recantation:A statement that one no longer holds a particular opinion or belief; a retraction.
recanted:Say that one no longer holds an opinion or belief, especially one considered heretical.
recanting:Say that one no longer holds an opinion or belief, especially one considered heretical.
recants:Say that one no longer holds an opinion or belief, especially one considered heretical.
recap:State again as a summary; recapitulate.
recapitulate:Summarize and state again the main points of.
recapitulates:Summarize and state again the main points of.
recapitulation:An act or instance of summarizing and restating the main points of something.
recapped:State again as a summary; recapitulate.
recaps:State again as a summary; recapitulate.
recapture:Capture (a person or animal that has escaped)
recaptured:Capture (a person or animal that has escaped)
recapturing:Capture (a person or animal that has escaped)
recast:Give (a metal object) a different form by melting it down and reshaping it.
recasting:Give (a metal object) a different form by melting it down and reshaping it.
recasts:Give (a metal object) a different form by melting it down and reshaping it.
recede:Go or move back or further away from a previous position.
receded:Go or move back or further away from a previous position.
recedes:Go or move back or further away from a previous position.
receding:Moving back or further away from a previous position.
receipt:Mark (a bill) as paid.
receipted:Mark (a bill) as paid.
receipts:Mark (a bill) as paid.
receivable:Able to be received.
receive:Be given, presented with, or paid (something)
received:Widely accepted as authoritative or true.
receiver:The part of a telephone apparatus contained in the earpiece, in which electrical signals are converted into sounds.
receivers:The part of a telephone apparatus contained in the earpiece, in which electrical signals are converted into sounds.
receivership:The state of being dealt with by an official receiver.
receives:Be given, presented with, or paid (something)
receiving:Be given, presented with, or paid (something)
recension:A revised edition of a text; an act of making a revised edition of a text.
recent:The Holocene epoch.
recently:At a recent time; not long ago.
receptacle:An object or space used to contain something.
receptacles:A hollow object used to contain something.
reception:The action or process of receiving something sent, given, or inflicted.
receptionist:A person employed in an office or other establishment to answer the telephone, deal with clients, and greet visitors.
receptionists:A person who greets and deals with clients and visitors to a surgery, office, etc.
receptive:Willing to consider or accept new suggestions and ideas.
receptivity:Willingness to consider or accept new suggestions and ideas.
receptor:An organ or cell able to respond to light, heat, or other external stimulus and transmit a signal to a sensory nerve.
receptors:An organ or cell able to respond to light, heat, or other external stimulus and transmit a signal to a sensory nerve.
recess:Attach (a fixture) by setting it back into the wall or surface to which it is fixed.
recessed:(of a fixture or architectural feature) set or built in a recess in the surrounding wall or surface.
recesses:Attach (a fitment) by setting it back into the wall or surface to which it is fixed.
recession:A period of temporary economic decline during which trade and industrial activity are reduced, generally identified by a fall in GDP in two successive quarters.
recessional:A hymn sung while the clergy and choir process out of church at the end of a service.
recessions:A period of temporary economic decline during which trade and industrial activity are reduced, generally identified by a fall in GDP in two successive quarters.
recessive:A recessive trait or gene.
recharge:Restore an electric charge to (a battery or a battery-operated device) by connecting it to a device that draws power from another source of electricity.
rechargeable:A battery which is able to have its electrical energy restored by connection to a power supply.
recharged:Restore electrical energy in (a battery or a battery-operated device) by connecting it to a power supply.
recharges:Restore electrical energy in (a battery or a battery-operated device) by connecting it to a power supply.
recharging:Restore electrical energy in (a battery or a battery-operated device) by connecting it to a power supply.
recheck:Check or verify again.
rechecked:Check or verify again.
rechecking:Check or verify again.
recidivism:The tendency of a convicted criminal to reoffend.
recidivist:A convicted criminal who reoffends, especially repeatedly.
recidivists:A convicted criminal who reoffends, especially repeatedly.
recipe:A set of instructions for preparing a particular dish, including a list of the ingredients required.
recipes:A set of instructions for preparing a particular dish, including a list of the ingredients required.
recipient:A person or thing that receives or is awarded something.
recipients:A person or thing that receives or is awarded something.
reciprocal:A mathematical expression or function so related to another that their product is one; the quantity obtained by dividing the number one by a given quantity.
reciprocals:An expression or function so related to another that their product is unity; the quantity obtained by dividing the number one by a given quantity.
reciprocate:Respond to (a gesture or action) by making a corresponding one.
reciprocated:Respond to (a gesture or action) by making a corresponding one.
reciprocating:(of a part of a machine) moving backward and forward in a straight line.
reciprocity:The practice of exchanging things with others for mutual benefit, especially privileges granted by one country or organization to another.
recirculate:Circulate again.
recirculated:Circulate again.
recirculating:Circulate again.
recital:The performance of a program of music by a solo instrumentalist or singer or by a small group.
recitals:A performance of a programme of music by a soloist or small group.
recitation:The action of repeating something aloud from memory.
recitations:The action of repeating something aloud from memory.
recitative:Musical declamation of the kind usual in the narrative and dialogue parts of opera and oratorio, sung in the rhythm of ordinary speech with many words on the same note.
recitatives:Musical declamation of the kind usual in the narrative and dialogue parts of opera and oratorio, sung in the rhythm of ordinary speech with many words on the same note.
recite:Repeat aloud or declaim (a poem or passage) from memory before an audience.
recited:Repeat aloud or declaim (a poem or passage) from memory before an audience.
recites:Repeat aloud or declaim (a poem or passage) from memory before an audience.
reciting:Repeat aloud or declaim (a poem or passage) from memory before an audience.
reckless:(of a person or their actions) without thinking or caring about the consequences of an action.
recklessly:Without regard to the danger or the consequences of one's actions; rashly.
recklessness:Lack of regard for the danger or consequences of one's actions; rashness.
reckon:Establish by counting or calculation; calculate.
reckoned:Establish by calculation.
reckoner:A table or device designed to assist with calculation.
reckoning:The action or process of calculating or estimating something.
reckons:Establish by calculation.
reclaim:Retrieve or recover (something previously lost, given, or paid); obtain the return of.
reclaimed:(of wasteland or land formerly under water) made suitable for cultivation.
reclaiming:Retrieve or recover (something previously lost, given, or paid); obtain the return of.
reclaims:Retrieve or recover (something previously lost, given, or paid); obtain the return of.
reclamation:The process of claiming something back or of reasserting a right.
reclamations:The process of claiming something back or of reasserting a right.
reclassification:Assignment to a different class or category.
reclassified:Assign to a different class or category.
reclassifies:Assign to a different class or category.
reclassify:Assign to a different class or category.
reclassifying:Assign to a different class or category.
recline:Lean or lie back in a relaxed position with the back supported.
reclined:Lean or lie back in a relaxed position with the back supported.
recliner:An upholstered armchair that can be tilted backward, especially one with a footrest that simultaneously extends from the front.
reclines:Lean or lie back in a relaxed position with the back supported.
reclining:Leaning or lying back in a relaxed position with the back supported.
reclothe:Dress again, especially in different clothes.
recluse:A person who lives a solitary life and tends to avoid other people.
recluses:A person who lives a solitary life and tends to avoid other people.
reclusive:Avoiding the company of other people; solitary.
recode:Put (something, especially a computer program) into a different code.
recoded:Put (something, especially a computer program) into a different code.
recodes:Put (something, especially a computer program) into a different code.
recoding:Put (something, especially a computer program) into a different code.
recognisable:Able to be recognized or identified from previous encounters or knowledge.
recognisances:A bond by which a person undertakes before a court or magistrate to observe some condition, especially to appear when summoned.
recognise:Identify (someone or something) from having encountered them before; know again.
recognised:Identify (someone or something) from having encountered them before; know again.
recognises:Identify (someone or something) from having encountered them before; know again.
recognising:Identify (someone or something) from having encountered them before; know again.
recognition:Identification of someone or something or person from previous encounters or knowledge.
recognitions:Identification of someone or something or person from previous encounters or knowledge.
recoil:Suddenly spring or flinch back in fear, horror, or disgust.
recoiling:Suddenly spring or flinch back in fear, horror, or disgust.
recollect:Remember (something); call to mind.
recollected:Remember (something); call to mind.
recollecting:Remember (something); call to mind.
recollection:The action or faculty of remembering something.
recollects:Remember (something); call to mind.
recombinant:A recombinant organism, cell, or piece of genetic material.
recombinants:A recombinant organism, cell, or piece of genetic material.
recombination:The process of recombining things.
recombine:Combine or cause to combine again or differently.
recombined:Combine or cause to combine again or differently.
recombines:Combine or cause to combine again or differently.
recombining:Combine or cause to combine again or differently.
recommence:Begin or cause to begin again.
recommenced:Begin or cause to begin again.
recommences:Begin or cause to begin again.
recommencing:Begin or cause to begin again.
recommend:Put forward (someone or something) with approval as being suitable for a particular purpose or role.
recommendation:A suggestion or proposal as to the best course of action, especially one put forward by an authoritative body.
recommendations:A suggestion or proposal as to the best course of action, especially one put forward by an authoritative body.
recommended:Advised or suggested as good or suitable.
recommending:Put forward (someone or something) with approval as being suitable for a particular purpose or role.
recommends:Put forward (someone or something) with approval as being suitable for a particular purpose or role.
recommissioning:Commission again.
recompense:Make amends to (someone) for loss or harm suffered; compensate.
recompensed:Make amends to (someone) for loss or harm suffered; compensate.
recompenses:Make amends to (someone) for loss or harm suffered; compensate.
recompile:Compile (a program) again or differently.
recompiled:Compile (a computer program) again or differently.
recompiling:Compile (a computer program) again or differently.
recompute:To recalculate; to compute again.
reconcilable:Capable of being reconciled; compatible.
reconcile:Restore friendly relations between.
reconciled:Restore friendly relations between.
reconciles:Restore friendly relations between.
reconciliation:The restoration of friendly relations.
reconciliations:The restoration of friendly relations.
reconciling:Restore friendly relations between.
recondite:(of a subject or knowledge) little known; abstruse.
reconditioned:(of a vehicle engine or piece of equipment) restored to working order.
reconditioning:Condition again.
reconfiguration:The arrangement of parts or elements in a different form, figure, or combination.
reconfigurations:The arrangement of parts or elements in a different form, figure, or combination.
reconfigure:Configure (something) differently.
reconfigured:Configure (something) differently.
reconfigures:Configure (something) differently.
reconfiguring:Configure (something) differently.
reconnaissance:Military observation of a region to locate an enemy or ascertain strategic features.
reconnect:Connect back together.
reconnected:Connect back together.
reconnecting:Connect back together.
reconnoitre:Make a military observation of (a region)
reconnoitred:Make a military observation of (a region)
reconnoitring:Make a military observation of (a region)
reconquer:Conquer again.
reconquest:The action of conquering a place or people again.
reconsider:Consider (something) again, especially for a possible change of decision regarding it.
reconsideration:The act of considering something again; review.
reconsidered:Consider (something) again, especially for a possible change of decision regarding it.
reconsidering:Consider (something) again, especially for a possible change of decision regarding it.
reconsiders:Consider (something) again, especially for a possible change of decision regarding it.
reconstitute:Build up again from parts; reconstruct.
reconstituted:Having been formed again.
reconstitutes:Build up again from parts; reconstruct.
reconstituting:Build up again from parts; reconstruct.
reconstitution:The action of building something up again; reconstruction.
reconstruct:Build or form (something) again after it has been damaged or destroyed.
reconstructed:Build or form (something) again after it has been damaged or destroyed.
reconstructing:Build or form (something) again after it has been damaged or destroyed.
reconstruction:The action or process of reconstructing or being reconstructed.
reconstructs:Build or form (something) again after it has been damaged or destroyed.
reconsult:To seek advice again.
reconvene:Convene or cause to convene again, especially after a pause in proceedings.
reconvened:Convene or cause to convene again, especially after a pause in proceedings.
reconvening:Convene or cause to convene again, especially after a pause in proceedings.
reconversion:The fact or process of converting someone or something back to a former state.
reconvert:Convert back to a former state.
reconverted:Convert back to a former state.
recopy:To copy again.
record:Set down in writing or some other permanent form for later reference, especially officially.
recorded:Set down in writing or some other permanent form for later reference.
recorder:An apparatus for recording sound, pictures, or data, especially a tape recorder.
recorders:An apparatus for recording sound, pictures, or data.
recording:The action or process of recording sound or a performance for subsequent reproduction or broadcast.
recordist:A person who makes recordings, especially of sound.
recordists:A person who makes recordings, especially of sound.
records:Set down in writing or some other permanent form for later reference.
recount:Tell someone about something; give an account of an event or experience.
recounted:Tell someone about something; give an account of an event or experience.
recounting:Tell someone about something; give an account of an event or experience.
recounts:Tell someone about something; give an account of an event or experience.
recoup:Regain (something lost or expended)
recouped:Regain (something lost or expended)
recouping:Regain (something lost or expended)
recouple:To couple, pair, or link again; to rejoin to or reunite with something.
recoups:Regain (something lost or expended)
recourse:A source of help in a difficult situation.
recover:Return to a normal state of health, mind, or strength.
recoverable:(of something lost) able to be regained or retrieved.
recovered:Return to a normal state of health, mind, or strength.
recoveries:A return to a normal state of health, mind, or strength.
recovering:Return to a normal state of health, mind, or strength.
recovers:Return to a normal state of health, mind, or strength.
recovery:A return to a normal state of health, mind, or strength.
recreate:Create again.
recreated:Create again.
recreates:Create again.
recreating:Create again.
recreation:Activity done for enjoyment when one is not working.
recreational:Relating to or denoting activity done for enjoyment when one is not working.
recreations:Activity done for enjoyment when one is not working.
recriminate:Make counteraccusations.
recrimination:An accusation in response to one from someone else.
recriminations:An accusation in response to one from someone else.
recruit:Enlist (someone) in the armed forces.
recruited:Enlist (someone) in the armed forces.
recruiter:A person whose job is to enlist or enroll people as employees, in the armed forces, or as members of an organization.
recruiters:A person whose job is to enlist or enrol people as employees, in the armed forces, or as members of an organization.
recruiting:Enlist (someone) in the armed forces.
recruitment:The action of enlisting new people in the armed forces.
recruits:Enlist (someone) in the armed forces.
rectal:Relating to or affecting the rectum.
rectangle:A plane figure with four straight sides and four right angles, especially one with unequal adjacent sides, in contrast to a square.
rectangles:A plane figure with four straight sides and four right angles, especially one with unequal adjacent sides, in contrast to a square.
rectangular:Denoting or shaped like a rectangle.
rectification:The action of putting something right.
rectified:Denoting an electric current that has been converted from alternating current to direct current.
rectifier:An electrical device which converts an alternating current into a direct one by allowing a current to flow through it in one direction only.
rectifies:Put right; correct.
rectify:Put right; correct.
rectifying:Put right; correct.
rectilinear:Contained by, consisting of, or moving in a straight line or lines.
rectitude:Morally correct behavior or thinking; righteousness.
recto:A right-hand page of an open book, or the front of a loose document.
rector:(in the Episcopal Church) a member of the clergy who has charge of a parish.
rectors:(in the Church of England) the incumbent of a parish where all tithes formerly passed to the incumbent.
rectory:A rector's house.
rectrix:The larger feathers in a bird's tail, used for steering in flight.
rectum:The final section of the large intestine, terminating at the anus.
rectums:The final section of the large intestine, terminating at the anus.
recumbent:A recumbent bicycle.
recuperate:Recover from illness or exertion.
recuperated:Recover from illness or exertion.
recuperates:Recover from illness or exertion.
recuperating:Recover from illness or exertion.
recuperation:Recovery from illness or exertion.
recuperative:Having the effect of restoring health or strength.
recur:Occur again periodically or repeatedly.
recurred:Occur again periodically or repeatedly.
recurrence:The fact of occurring again.
recurrences:The fact of occurring again.
recurrent:Occurring often or repeatedly.
recurring:Occurring again periodically or repeatedly.
recurs:Occur again periodically or repeatedly.
recursion:The repeated application of a recursive procedure or definition.
recursive:Characterized by recurrence or repetition.
recyclable:A substance or object that can be recycled.
recycle:Convert (waste) into reusable material.
recycled:Convert (waste) into reusable material.
recycles:Convert (waste) into reusable material.
recycling:The action or process of converting waste into reusable material.
red:Red color or pigment.
redaction:The process of editing text for publication.
redbreast:A robin.
redcoats:A British soldier.
redden:Make or become red.
reddened:Make or become red.
reddening:Make or become red.
reddens:Make or become red.
redder:Red colour or pigment.
reddest:Red colour or pigment.
reddish:Having a red tinge; slightly red.
redecorated:Apply paint or wallpaper in (a room or building) again, typically differently.
redecorating:Apply paint or wallpaper in (a room or building) again, typically differently.
redecoration:The process of applying paint or wallpaper in a room or building again, typically in a different style from before.
redeem:Compensate for the faults or bad aspects of (something)
redeemable:Able to be recovered or saved from faults or bad aspects.
redeemed:Compensate for the faults or bad aspects of.
redeemer:A person who redeems someone or something.
redeeming:Compensating for someone's or something's faults; compensatory.
redeems:Compensate for the faults or bad aspects of.
redefine:Define again or differently.
redefined:Define again or differently.
redefines:Define again or differently.
redefining:Define again or differently.
redefinition:The action or process of defining something again or differently.
redefinitions:The action or process of defining something again or differently.
redeliver:To give back, return, restore.
redelivery:The action of returning something, restitution, restoration; an instance of this. Also: the action of delivering something again; a second or subsequent delivery.
redemption:The action of saving or being saved from sin, error, or evil.
redemptions:The action of saving or being saved from sin, error, or evil.
redemptive:Acting to save someone from error or evil.
redeploy:Assign (troops, employees, or resources) to a new place or task.
redeployed:Assign (troops, employees, or resources) to a new place or task.
redeploying:Assign (troops, employees, or resources) to a new place or task.
redeployment:The assignment of troops, employees, or resources to a new place or task.
redeposited:Deposit (something) again.
redesign:Design (something) again or in a different way.
redesigned:Design (something) again or in a different way.
redesigning:Design (something) again or in a different way.
redesigns:Design (something) again or in a different way.
redevelop:Develop (something) again or differently.
redeveloped:Develop (something) again or differently.
redeveloping:Develop (something) again or differently.
redevelopment:The action or process of developing something again or differently.
redhead:A person with reddish hair.
redheads:A person with reddish hair.
redial:Dial (a telephone number) again.
redialling:Dial (a telephone number) again.
redirect:Direct (something) to a new or different place or purpose.
redirected:Direct (something) to a new or different place or purpose.
redirecting:Direct (something) to a new or different place or purpose.
redirection:The action of assigning or directing something to a new or different place or purpose.
redirects:Direct (something) to a new or different place or purpose.
rediscover:Discover (something forgotten or ignored) again.
rediscovered:Discover (something forgotten or ignored) again.
rediscoveries:The action or process of discovering again something that was forgotten or ignored.
rediscovering:Discover (something forgotten or ignored) again.
rediscovers:Discover (something forgotten or ignored) again.
rediscovery:The action or process of discovering again something that was forgotten or ignored.
redisplay:Display (something) again or differently.
redisplayed:Display (something) again or differently.
redistribute:Distribute (something) differently or again, typically to achieve greater social equality.
redistributed:Distribute (something) differently or again, typically to achieve greater social equality.
redistributes:Distribute (something) differently or again, typically to achieve greater social equality.
redistributing:Distribute (something) differently or again, typically to achieve greater social equality.
redistribution:The distribution of something in a different way, typically to achieve greater social equality.
redistributions:The distribution of something in a different way, typically to achieve greater social equality.
redneck:A working-class white person, especially a politically reactionary one from a rural area.
redness:The quality or state of being red or reddish.
redo:Do (something) again or differently.
redoing:Do (something) again or differently.
redolent:Strongly reminiscent or suggestive of.
redone:Do (something) again or differently.
redouble:Make or become much greater, more intense, or more numerous.
redoubled:Make or become much greater, more intense, or more numerous.
redoubling:Make or become much greater, more intense, or more numerous.
redoubt:A temporary or supplementary fortification, typically square or polygonal and without flanking defenses.
redoubtable:(of a person) formidable, especially as an opponent.
redoubts:A temporary or supplementary fortification, typically square or polygonal and without flanking defences.
redound:Contribute greatly to (a person's credit or honor)
redounded:Contribute greatly to (a person's credit or honour)
redox:A process in which one substance or molecule is reduced and another oxidized; oxidation and reduction considered together as complimentary processes.
redraft:Draft (a document, text, or map) again in a different way.
redrafted:Draft (a document, text, or map) again in a different way.
redrafting:Draft (a document, text, or map) again in a different way.
redraw:Draw or draw up again or differently.
redrawing:Draw or draw up again or differently.
redrawn:Draw or draw up again or differently.
redraws:Draw or draw up again or differently.
redress:Remedy or set right (an undesirable or unfair situation)
redressed:Remedy or set right (an undesirable or unfair situation)
redressing:Remedy or set right (an undesirable or unfair situation)
reds:Red colour or pigment.
redshift:The displacement of spectral lines toward longer wavelengths (the red end of the spectrum) in radiation from distant galaxies and celestial objects. This is interpreted as a Doppler shift that is proportional to the velocity of recession and thus to distance.
redstarts:A Eurasian and North African songbird related to the chats, having a reddish tail and underparts.
reduce:Make smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
reduced:Make smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
reduces:Make smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
reducible:(of a subject or problem) capable of being simplified in presentation or analysis.
reducing:Make smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
reduction:The action or fact of making a specified thing smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
reductionism:The practice of analyzing and describing a complex phenomenon in terms of phenomena that are held to represent a simpler or more fundamental level, especially when this is said to provide a sufficient explanation.
reductionist:A person who analyzes and describes a complex phenomenon in terms of its simple or fundamental constituents.
reductionists:A person who analyses and describes a complex phenomenon in terms of its simple or fundamental constituents.
reductions:The action or fact of making something smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
reductive:Tending to present a subject or problem in a simplified form, especially one viewed as crude.
redundancy:The state of being not or no longer needed or useful.
redundant:Not or no longer needed or useful; superfluous.
redwood:Either of two giant conifers with thick fibrous bark, native to California and Oregon. They are the tallest known trees and are among the largest living organisms.
reed:A tall, slender-leaved plant of the grass family, which grows in water or on marshy ground.
reeds:A tall, slender-leaved plant of the grass family, which grows in water or on marshy ground.
reef:A ridge of jagged rock, coral, or sand just above or below the surface of the sea.
reefed:A ridge of jagged rock, coral, or sand just above or below the surface of the sea.
reefing:A ridge of jagged rock, coral, or sand just above or below the surface of the sea.
reefs:A ridge of jagged rock, coral, or sand just above or below the surface of the sea.
reek:Smell strongly and unpleasantly; stink.
reeked:Smell strongly and unpleasantly; stink.
reeking:Smell strongly and unpleasantly; stink.
reeks:Smell strongly and unpleasantly; stink.
reel:Wind a line onto a reel by turning the reel.
reelects:Elect (someone) to a further term of office.
reeled:Wind something on to a reel by turning the reel.
reeling:Wind something on to a reel by turning the reel.
reels:Wind something on to a reel by turning the reel.
ref:Act as referee in (a game or match).
refer:Mention or allude to.
referee:Act as referee for.
refereed:Act as the referee of.
refereeing:The activity of performing as the referee of a game or match.
referees:Act as the referee of.
reference:Provide (a book or article) with citations of sources of information.
referenced:Provide (a book or article) with citations of sources of information.
referencer:A person who or thing which references something.
references:Provide (a book or article) with citations of sources of information.
referencing:Provide (a book or article) with citations of sources of information.
referenda:A general vote by the electorate on a single political question which has been referred to them for a direct decision.
referendum:A general vote by the electorate on a single political question which has been referred to them for a direct decision.
referendums:A general vote by the electorate on a single political question which has been referred to them for a direct decision.
referent:The thing that a word or phrase denotes or stands for.
referential:Containing or of the nature of references or allusions.
referents:The thing in the world that a word or phrase denotes or stands for.
referral:An act of referring someone or something for consultation, review, or further action.
referrals:An act of referring someone or something for consultation, review, or further action.
referred:Mention or allude to.
referring:Mention or allude to.
refers:Mention or allude to.
refile:To polish or smooth the surface of again, using a file; to sharpen (the blade or teeth of a tool or weapon) for a second or subsequent time.
refiling:The action or process of filing something for a second or subsequent time; an instance of this.
refill:Fill (a container) again.
refilled:Fill (a container) again.
refilling:Fill (a container) again.
refills:Fill (a container) again.
refinance:Finance (something) again, typically with a new loan at a lower rate of interest.
refinanced:Finance (something) again, typically with new loans at a lower rate of interest.
refinancing:Finance (something) again, typically with new loans at a lower rate of interest.
refine:Remove impurities or unwanted elements from (a substance), typically as part of an industrial process.
refined:With impurities or unwanted elements having been removed by processing.
refinement:The process of removing impurities or unwanted elements from a substance.
refineries:An industrial installation where a substance is refined.
refinery:An industrial installation where a substance is refined.
refines:Remove impurities or unwanted elements from (a substance), typically as part of an industrial process.
refining:Remove impurities or unwanted elements from (a substance), typically as part of an industrial process.
refinish:Apply a new finish to (a surface or object)
refit:Replace or repair machinery, equipment, and fittings in (a ship, building, etc.)
refits:Replace or repair machinery, equipment, and fittings in (a ship, building, etc.)
refitted:Replace or repair machinery, equipment, and fittings in (a ship, building, etc.)
refitting:Replace or repair machinery, equipment, and fittings in (a ship, building, etc.)
reflation:Expansion in the level of output of an economy by government stimulus, using either fiscal or monetary policy.
reflect:(of a surface or body) throw back (heat, light, or sound) without absorbing it.
reflectance:The measure of the proportion of light or other radiation striking a surface which is reflected off it.
reflected:(of a surface or body) throw back (heat, light, or sound) without absorbing it.
reflecting:(of a surface or body) throw back (heat, light, or sound) without absorbing it.
reflection:The throwing back by a body or surface of light, heat, or sound without absorbing it.
reflectional:Of or relating to reflection; involving reflection.
reflective:Providing a reflection; capable of reflecting light or other radiation.
reflectivity:The property of reflecting light or radiation, especially reflectance as measured independently of the thickness of a material.
reflector:A piece of glass, metal, or other material for reflecting light in a required direction, e.g., a red one on the back of a motor vehicle or bicycle.
reflectors:A piece of glass or metal for reflecting light in a required direction, e.g. a red one on the back of a motor vehicle or bicycle.
reflects:(of a surface or body) throw back (heat, light, or sound) without absorbing it.
reflex:An action that is performed as a response to a stimulus and without conscious thought.
reflexes:An action that is performed without conscious thought as a response to a stimulus.
reflexive:A reflexive word or form, especially a pronoun.
reflexively:As a reflex, without conscious thought; automatically.
reflexology:A system of massage used to relieve tension and treat illness, based on the theory that there are reflex points on the feet, hands, and head linked to every part of the body.
refloat:Set afloat again.
reflux:(of a fluid) flow backwards through a vessel or valve in the body.
refluxed:(of a fluid) flow backwards through a vessel or valve in the body.
refluxing:(of a fluid) flow backwards through a vessel or valve in the body.
refocus:Adjust the focus of (a lens or one's eyes)
refocused:Adjust the focus of (a lens or one's eyes)
refocuses:Adjust the focus of (a lens or one's eyes)
refocusing:Adjust the focus of (a lens or one's eyes)
refocussed:Adjust the focus of (a lens or one's eyes)
refocussing:Adjust the focus of (a lens or one's eyes)
refolded:Fold (something) up again.
refolding:Fold (something) up again.
reforestation:The process of replanting an area with trees.
reform:Make changes in (something, typically a social, political, or economic institution or practice) in order to improve it.
reformat:Give a new format to; revise or represent in another format.
reformation:The action or process of reforming an institution or practice.
reformations:The action or process of reforming an institution or practice.
reformatted:Give a new format to; revise or represent in another format.
reformatting:Give a new format to; revise or represent in another format.
reformed:Having been changed in such a way as to be improved.
reformer:A person who makes changes to something in order to improve it.
reformers:A person who makes changes to something in order to improve it.
reforming:Make changes in (something, especially an institution or practice) in order to improve it.
reformist:A person who advocates gradual reform rather than abolition or revolution.
reformists:A person who advocates gradual reform rather than abolition or revolution.
reforms:Make changes in (something, especially an institution or practice) in order to improve it.
reformulate:Formulate again or differently.
reformulated:Formulate again or differently.
reformulates:Formulate again or differently.
reformulating:Formulate again or differently.
refract:(of water, air, or glass) make (a ray of light) change direction when it enters at an angle.
refracted:(of water, air, or glass) make (a ray of light) change direction when it enters at an angle.
refracting:(of water, air, or glass) make (a ray of light) change direction when it enters at an angle.
refraction:The fact or phenomenon of light, radio waves, etc. being deflected in passing obliquely through the interface between one medium and another or through a medium of varying density.
refractive:Of or involving refraction.
refractors:A lens or other object which causes refraction.
refractory:A substance that is resistant to heat.
refrain:Stop oneself from doing something.
refrained:Stop oneself from doing something.
refraining:Stop oneself from doing something.
refresh:Give new strength or energy to; reinvigorate.
refreshed:Having regained strength or energy.
refresher:An activity that revises or updates one's skills or knowledge.
refreshing:Serving to refresh or reinvigorate someone.
refreshingly:In a refreshing or reinvigorating way.
refreshment:A light snack or drink, especially one provided in a public place or at a public event.
refreshments:A light snack or drink.
refrigerant:A substance used for refrigeration.
refrigerate:Subject (food or drink) to cold in order to chill or preserve it, typically by placing it in a refrigerator.
refrigerated:(of food or drink) chilled in a refrigerator.
refrigeration:The process of subjecting food or drink to cold in order to chill or preserve it.
refrigerator:An appliance or compartment which is artificially kept cool and used to store food and drink. Modern refrigerators generally make use of the cooling effect produced when a volatile liquid is forced to evaporate in a sealed system in which it can be condensed back to liquid outside the refrigerator.
refrigerators:An appliance or compartment which is artificially kept cool and used to store food and drink. Modern refrigerators generally make use of the cooling effect produced when a volatile liquid is forced to evaporate in a sealed system in which it can be condensed back to liquid outside the refrigerator.
refs:Act as referee in (a game or match).
refuel:Supply (a vehicle) with more fuel.
refuge:A condition of being safe or sheltered from pursuit, danger, or trouble.
refugee:A person who has been forced to leave their country in order to escape war, persecution, or natural disaster.
refugees:A person who has been forced to leave their country in order to escape war, persecution, or natural disaster.
refund:Pay back (money), typically to a customer who is not satisfied with goods or services bought.
refunded:Pay back (money), typically to a customer who is not satisfied with goods or services bought.
refunding:Pay back (money), typically to a customer who is not satisfied with goods or services bought.
refunds:Pay back (money), typically to a customer who is not satisfied with goods or services bought.
refurbish:Renovate and redecorate (something, especially a building)
refurbished:Renovate and redecorate (something, especially a building)
refurbishing:Renovate and redecorate (something, especially a building)
refurbishment:The renovation and redecoration of something, especially a building.
refurbishments:The renovation and redecoration of something, especially a building.
refusal:An act or an instance of refusing; the state of being refused.
refusals:An act of refusing to do something.
refuse:Indicate or show that one is not willing to do something.
refused:Indicate or show that one is not willing to do something.
refuseniks:A person in the former Soviet Union who was refused permission to emigrate, in particular, a Jewish person forbidden to emigrate to Israel.
refuses:Indicate or show that one is not willing to do something.
refusing:Indicate or show that one is not willing to do something.
refutation:The action of proving a statement or theory to be wrong or false.
refutations:The action of proving a statement or theory to be wrong or false.
refute:Prove (a statement or theory) to be wrong or false; disprove.
refuted:Prove (a statement or theory) to be wrong or false; disprove.
refutes:Prove (a statement or theory) to be wrong or false; disprove.
refuting:Prove (a statement or theory) to be wrong or false; disprove.
regain:Obtain possession or use of (something) again after losing it.
regained:Obtain possession or use of (something, typically a quality or ability) again after losing it.
regaining:Obtain possession or use of (something, typically a quality or ability) again after losing it.
regains:Obtain possession or use of (something, typically a quality or ability) again after losing it.
regal:Of, resembling, or fit for a monarch, especially in being magnificent or dignified.
regale:Entertain or amuse (someone) with talk.
regaled:Entertain or amuse (someone) with talk.
regales:Entertain or amuse (someone) with talk.
regalia:The emblems or insignia of royalty, especially the crown, scepter, and other ornaments used at a coronation.
regaling:Entertain or amuse (someone) with talk.
regality:The state of being a king or queen.
regard:Consider or think of (someone or something) in a specified way.
regarded:Consider or think of in a specified way.
regarding:With respect to; concerning.
regardless:Without paying attention to the present situation; despite the prevailing circumstances.
regards:Consider or think of in a specified way.
regatta:A sporting event consisting of a series of boat or yacht races.
regattas:A sporting event consisting of a series of boat or yacht races.
regelate:(chiefly of pieces of ice thawed apart) freeze together again.
regency:The office of or period of government by a regent.
regenerate:(of a living organism) regrow (new tissue) to replace lost or injured tissue.
regenerated:(of an organ or tissue) regrown.
regenerates:(of a living organism) grow (new tissue) after loss or damage.
regenerating:(of a living organism) grow (new tissue) after loss or damage.
regeneration:The action or process of regenerating or being regenerated, in particular the formation of new animal or plant tissue.
regenerative:Tending to or characterized by regeneration.
regent:A person appointed to administer a country because the monarch is a minor or is absent or incapacitated.
regents:A person appointed to administer a state because the monarch is a minor or is absent or incapacitated.
reggae:A style of popular music with a strongly accented subsidiary beat, originating in Jamaica. Reggae evolved in the late 1960s from ska and other local variations on calypso and rhythm and blues, and became widely known in the 1970s through the work of Bob Marley; its lyrics are much influenced by Rastafarian ideas.
regicide:The action of killing a king.
regime:A government, especially an authoritarian one.
regimen:A prescribed course of medical treatment, way of life, or diet for the promotion or restoration of health.
regimens:A prescribed course of medical treatment, diet, or exercise for the promotion or restoration of health.
regiment:Organize according to a strict, sometimes oppressive system or pattern.
regimental:Relating to a regiment.
regimented:Very strictly organized or controlled.
regiments:Organize according to a strict system or pattern.
regimes:A government, especially an authoritarian one.
regina:The capital of Saskatchewan, located in the center of the wheat-growing plains of south central Canada; population 179,246 (2006).
reginas:The capital of Saskatchewan, situated in the centre of the wheat-growing plains of south central Canada; population 179,246 (2006).
region:An area or division, especially part of a country or the world having definable characteristics but not always fixed boundaries.
regional:An athletic contest involving competitors from a particular region.
regionalism:The theory or practice of regional rather than central systems of administration or economic, cultural, or political affiliation.
regionally:In a way that relates to a region or regions.
regions:An area, especially part of a country or the world having definable characteristics but not always fixed boundaries.
register:Enter or record on an official list or directory.
registered:Entered or recorded on an official list or directory.
registering:Enter or record on an official list or directory.
registers:Enter or record on an official list or directory.
registrable:Able or needing to be entered or recorded on an official list or directory.
registrar:An official responsible for keeping a register or official records.
registrars:An official responsible for keeping a register or official records.
registration:The action or process of registering or of being registered.
registrations:The action or process of registering or of being registered.
registries:A place where registers or records are kept.
registry:A place or office where registers or records are kept.
regrading:The action or process of grading something again or differently.
regress:Return to a former or less developed state.
regressed:Return to a former or less developed state.
regresses:Return to a former or less developed state.
regressing:Return to a former or less developed state.
regression:A return to a former or less developed state.
regressions:A return to a former or less developed state.
regressive:Becoming less advanced; returning to a former or less developed state.
regret:Feel sad, repentant, or disappointed over (something that has happened or been done, especially a loss or missed opportunity)
regretful:Feeling or showing regret.
regretfully:In a regretful manner.
regrets:Feel sad, repentant, or disappointed over (something that one has done or failed to do)
regrettable:(of conduct or an event) giving rise to regret; undesirable; unwelcome.
regrettably:Unfortunately (used to express apology for or sadness at something)
regretted:Feel sad, repentant, or disappointed over (something that one has done or failed to do)
regretting:Feel sad, repentant, or disappointed over (something that one has done or failed to do)
regroup:Reassemble or cause to reassemble into organized groups, typically after being attacked or defeated.
regrouped:Reassemble or cause to reassemble into organized groups, typically after being attacked or defeated.
regrouping:Reassemble or cause to reassemble into organized groups, typically after being attacked or defeated.
regrow:Grow or cause to grow again.
regrowth:Renewed growth or expansion.
regular:A regular customer or member, for example of a bar, store, or team.
regularise:Make (something) regular.
regularised:Make (something) regular.
regularities:The state or quality of being regular.
regularity:The state or quality of being regular.
regularly:With a constant or definite pattern, especially with the same space between individual items.
regulars:A regular customer, member of a team, etc.
regulate:Control or maintain the rate or speed of (a machine or process) so that it operates properly.
regulated:Control or maintain the rate or speed of (a machine or process) so that it operates properly.
regulates:Control or maintain the rate or speed of (a machine or process) so that it operates properly.
regulating:Control or maintain the rate or speed of (a machine or process) so that it operates properly.
regulation:A rule or directive made and maintained by an authority.
regulations:A rule or directive made and maintained by an authority.
regulator:A person or thing that regulates something.
regulators:A person or thing that regulates something.
regulatory:Serving or intended to regulate something.
regurgitate:Bring (swallowed food) up again to the mouth.
regurgitating:Bring (swallowed food) up again to the mouth.
regurgitation:The action of bringing swallowed food up again to the mouth.
rehabilitate:Restore (someone) to health or normal life by training and therapy after imprisonment, addiction, or illness.
rehabilitated:Restore (someone) to health or normal life by training and therapy after imprisonment, addiction, or illness.
rehabilitating:Restore (someone) to health or normal life by training and therapy after imprisonment, addiction, or illness.
rehabilitation:The action of restoring someone to health or normal life through training and therapy after imprisonment, addiction, or illness.
rehash:Put (old ideas or material) into a new form without significant change or improvement.
rehearing:A second or new hearing of a case in a court of law.
rehears:Hear or listen to again.
rehearsal:A practice or trial performance of a play or other work for later public performance.
rehearsals:A practice or trial performance of a play or other work for later public performance.
rehearse:Practice (a play, piece of music, or other work) for later public performance.
rehearsed:Practise (a play, piece of music, or other work) for later public performance.
reheat:Heat (something, especially cooked food) again.
reheated:Heat (something, especially cooked food) again.
rehouse:Provide (someone) with new housing.
rehydrate:Absorb or cause to absorb moisture after dehydration.
reich:The former German state, most often used to refer to the Third Reich, the Nazi regime from 1933 to 1945. The First Reich was considered to be the Holy Roman Empire, 962–1806, and the Second Reich the German Empire, 1871–1918, but neither of these terms are part of normal historical terminology.
reify:Make (something abstract) more concrete or real.
reign:Hold royal office; rule as king or queen.
reigned:Hold royal office; rule as monarch.
reigning:Occupying the throne; ruling.
reigns:Hold royal office; rule as monarch.
reimburse:Repay (a person who has spent or lost money)
reimbursed:Repay (a person who has spent or lost money)
reimbursement:The action of repaying a person who has spent or lost money.
reimpose:Impose (something, especially a law or regulation) again after a lapse.
rein:Check or guide (a horse) by pulling on its reins.
reincarnate:(as believed in some religions and philosophies) cause (someone) to undergo rebirth in another body.
reincarnated:Having been reborn in another body.
reincarnating:Cause (someone) to undergo rebirth in another body.
reincarnation:The rebirth of a soul in a new body.
reindeer:A deer of the tundra and subarctic regions of Eurasia and North America, both sexes of which have large branching antlers. Most Eurasian reindeer are domesticated and used for drawing sleds and as a source of milk, flesh, and hide.
reined:Check or guide (a horse) by pulling on its reins.
reinforce:Strengthen or support (an object or substance), especially with additional material.
reinforced:Strengthen or support (an object or substance), especially with additional material.
reinforcement:The action or process of reinforcing or strengthening.
reinforces:Strengthen or support (an object or substance), especially with additional material.
reins:Check or guide (a horse) by pulling on its reins.
reinsert:Place (something) back into its previous position.
reinstall:Place or fix (equipment or machinery) in position again.
reinstate:Restore (someone or something) to their former position or condition.
reinstated:Restore (someone or something) to their former position or state.
reinstatement:The action of giving someone back a position they have lost.
reinstating:Restore (someone or something) to their former position or state.
reinsurance:An arrangement whereby an insurer transfers all or part of a risk to another insurer to provide protection against the risk of the first insurance.
reintegration:The action or process of integrating someone back into society.
reinterpret:Interpret (something) in a new or different way.
reinterpretation:The action of interpreting something in a new or different light.
reinterpreted:Interpret (something) in a new or different light.
reinterpreting:Interpret (something) in a new or different light.
reintroduce:Bring (something, especially a law or system) into existence or effect again.
reintroducing:Bring (something, especially a law or system) into existence or effect again.
reintroduction:The action of bringing something, especially a law or system, into existence or effect again.
reintroductions:The action of bringing something, especially a law or system, into existence or effect again.
reinvent:Change (something) so much that it appears to be entirely new.
reinvented:Change (something) so much that it appears to be entirely new.
reinvention:The action or process through which something is changed so much that it appears to be entirely new.
reinvest:Put (the profit on a previous investment) back into the same place.
reinvested:Put (the profit on a previous investment) back into the same scheme.
reinvestment:The action of putting the profit made on a previous investment back into the same place.
reinvigorate:Give new energy or strength to.
reinvigorated:Give new energy or strength to.
reissue:Make a new supply or different form of (a product, especially a book or record) available for sale.
reissues:Make a new supply or different form of (a product, especially a book or record) available for sale.
reiterate:Say something again or a number of times, typically for emphasis or clarity.
reiterated:Say something again or a number of times, typically for emphasis or clarity.
reiterates:Say something again or a number of times, typically for emphasis or clarity.
reiterating:Say something again or a number of times, typically for emphasis or clarity.
reiteration:The action of repeating something, typically for emphasis or clarity.
reject:Dismiss as inadequate, inappropriate, or not to one's taste.
rejected:Dismiss as inadequate, unacceptable, or faulty.
rejecting:Dismiss as inadequate, unacceptable, or faulty.
rejection:The dismissing or refusing of a proposal, idea, etc.
rejections:The dismissing or refusing of a proposal, idea, etc.
rejects:Dismiss as inadequate, unacceptable, or faulty.
rejoice:Feel or show great joy or delight.
rejoiced:Feel or show great joy or delight.
rejoices:Feel or show great joy or delight.
rejoicing:Great joy; jubilation.
rejoin:Join together again; reunite.
rejoinder:A reply, especially a sharp or witty one.
rejoining:Join together again; reunite.
rejuvenate:Give new energy or vigor to; revitalize.
rejuvenated:Having been given new energy or vigor; revitalized.
rejuvenating:Having the effect of restoring a feeling or quality of youth or vigor.
rejuvenation:The action or process of giving new energy or vigor to something.
rekindle:Relight (a fire)
relapse:(of someone suffering from a disease) suffer deterioration after a period of improvement.
relapsed:(of a sick or injured person) deteriorate after a period of improvement.
relate:Make or show a connection between.
related:Belonging to the same family, group, or type; connected.
relatedness:The state or fact of being related or connected.
relates:Make or show a connection between.
relating:Make or show a connection between.
relation:The way in which two or more concepts, objects, or people are connected; a thing's effect on or relevance to another.
relational:Concerning the way in which two or more people or things are connected.
relations:The way in which two or more people or things are connected; a thing's effect on or relevance to another.
relationship:The way in which two or more concepts, objects, or people are connected, or the state of being connected.
relationships:The way in which two or more people or things are connected, or the state of being connected.
relative:A person connected by blood or marriage.
relatively:In relation, comparison, or proportion to something else.
relatives:A person connected by blood or marriage.
relativism:The doctrine that knowledge, truth, and morality exist in relation to culture, society, or historical context, and are not absolute.
relativistic:Accurately described only by the theory of relativity.
relativity:The absence of standards of absolute and universal application.
relator:A person who brings a public lawsuit, typically in the name of the Attorney General, regarding the abuse of an office or franchise.
relaunch:Reintroduce or restart (something, especially a product)
relaunching:Launch (something, especially a product) again or in a different form.
relax:Make or become less tense or anxious.
relaxation:The state of being free from tension and anxiety.
relaxed:Free from tension and anxiety; at ease.
relaxing:Reducing tension or anxiety.
relay:Receive and pass on (information or a message)
relaying:Receive and pass on (information or a message)
relays:Receive and pass on (information or a message)
relearn:Learn (something) again.
release:Allow or enable to escape from confinement; set free.
released:Allow or enable to escape from confinement; set free.
releases:Allow or enable to escape from confinement; set free.
releasing:Allow or enable to escape from confinement; set free.
relegate:Consign or dismiss to an inferior rank or position.
relegated:Assign an inferior rank or position to.
relegation:The action of assigning to an inferior rank or position.
relent:Abandon or mitigate a harsh intention or cruel treatment.
relented:Abandon or mitigate a severe or harsh attitude, especially by finally yielding to a request.
relenting:Abandon or mitigate a severe or harsh attitude, especially by finally yielding to a request.
relentless:Oppressively constant; incessant.
relentlessly:In an unceasingly intense or harsh way.
relevance:The quality or state of being closely connected or appropriate.
relevancy:The quality or state of being closely connected or appropriate.
relevant:Closely connected or appropriate to what is being done or considered.
reliability:The quality of being trustworthy or of performing consistently well.
reliable:A person or thing with trustworthy qualities.
reliably:In a consistently good or accurate way.
reliance:Dependence on or trust in someone or something.
reliant:Dependent on someone or something.
relic:An object surviving from an earlier time, especially one of historical or sentimental interest.
relics:An object surviving from an earlier time, especially one of historical interest.
relict:A thing which has survived from an earlier period or in a primitive form.
relied:Depend on with full trust or confidence.
relief:A feeling of reassurance and relaxation following release from anxiety or distress.
relies:Depend on with full trust or confidence.
relieve:Cause (pain, distress, or difficulty) to become less severe or serious.
relieved:No longer feeling distressed or anxious; reassured.
relieving:Cause (pain, distress, or difficulty) to become less severe or serious.
religion:The belief in and worship of a superhuman controlling power, especially a personal God or gods.
religiosity:Strong religious feeling or belief.
religious:A person bound by monastic vows.
religiously:In a way that relates to or conforms with a religion.
relink:Connect or join again.
relinquish:Voluntarily cease to keep or claim; give up.
relinquished:Voluntarily cease to keep or claim; give up.
relinquishing:Voluntarily cease to keep or claim; give up.
reliquary:A container for holy relics.
relish:Enjoy greatly.
relished:Enjoy greatly.
relit:Light (something) again.
relive:Live through (an experience or feeling, especially an unpleasant one) again in one's imagination or memory.
reload:Load (something, especially a gun that has been fired) again.
reloads:Load (something, especially a gun that has been fired) again.
relocate:Move to a new place and establish one's home or business there.
relocating:Move to a new place and establish one's home or business there.
relocation:The action of moving to a new place and establishing one's home or business there.
relocations:The action of moving to a new place and establishing one's home or business there.
reluctance:Unwillingness or disinclination to do something.
reluctant:Unwilling and hesitant; disinclined.
reluctantly:In an unwilling and hesitant way.
rely:Depend on with full trust or confidence.
relying:Depend on with full trust or confidence.
rem:A unit of effective absorbed dose of ionizing radiation in human tissue, equivalent to one roentgen of X-rays.
remade:Make (something) again or differently.
remain:Continue to exist, especially after other similar or related people or things have ceased to exist.
remainder:Dispose of (a book left unsold) at a reduced price.
remained:Continue to exist, especially after other similar people or things have ceased to do so.
remaining:Still existing, present, or in use; surviving.
remains:The parts left over after other parts have been removed, used, or destroyed.
remake:Make (something) again or differently.
remaking:Make (something) again or differently.
remand:Place (a defendant) on bail or in custody, especially when a trial is adjourned.
remanded:Place (a defendant) on bail or in custody, especially when a trial is adjourned.
remap:Assign (a function) to a different key.
remaps:Assign (a function) to a different key.
remark:Say something as a comment; mention.
remarkable:Worthy of attention; striking.
remarkably:In a way that is worthy of attention.
remarked:Say something as a comment; mention.
remarks:Say something as a comment; mention.
remarried:Marry again.
remarry:Marry again.
remastered:Make a new master of (a sound recording), typically in order to improve the sound quality.
rematch:A second match or game between two teams or players.
remediable:Capable of being cured; treatable.
remedial:Giving or intended as a remedy or cure.
remedied:Set right (an undesirable situation)
remedies:Set right (an undesirable situation)
remedy:Set right (an undesirable situation)
remedying:Set right (an undesirable situation)
remember:Have in or be able to bring to one's mind an awareness of (someone or something that one has seen, known, or experienced in the past)
remembered:Have in or be able to bring to one's mind an awareness of (someone or something from the past)
remembering:Have in or be able to bring to one's mind an awareness of (someone or something from the past)
remembers:Have in or be able to bring to one's mind an awareness of (someone or something from the past)
remembrance:The action of remembering something.
remind:Cause (someone) to remember someone or something.
reminded:Cause (someone) to remember someone or something.
reminder:A thing that causes someone to remember something.
reminders:A thing that causes someone to remember something.
reminding:Cause (someone) to remember someone or something.
reminds:Cause (someone) to remember someone or something.
reminisce:Indulge in enjoyable recollection of past events.
reminiscence:A story told about a past event remembered by the narrator.
reminiscences:A story told about a past event remembered by the narrator.
reminiscent:Tending to remind one of something.
reminiscing:Indulge in enjoyable recollection of past events.
remiss:Lacking care or attention to duty; negligent.
remission:The cancellation of a debt, charge, or penalty.
remit:Cancel or refrain from exacting or inflicting (a debt or punishment)
remittance:A sum of money sent, especially by mail, in payment for goods or services or as a gift.
remittances:A sum of money sent in payment or as a gift.
remitted:Cancel or refrain from exacting or inflicting (a debt or punishment)
remix:Mix (something) again.
remnant:A small remaining quantity of something.
remnants:A part or quantity that is left after the greater part has been used, removed, or destroyed.
remodel:Change the structure or form of (something, especially a building)
remodelling:Change the structure or form of (something, especially a building)
remonstrance:A forcefully reproachful protest.
remonstrate:Make a forcefully reproachful protest.
remonstrated:Make a forcefully reproachful protest.
remonstrating:Make a forcefully reproachful protest.
remorse:Deep regret or guilt for a wrong committed.
remorseful:Filled with remorse; sorry.
remorseless:Without regret or guilt.
remote:A remote control device.
remotely:Away from a usual workplace or location, making use of communications technology.
remoteness:The state of being distant from something else, in particular from the main centers of population.
remoter:A remote control device.
remotest:A remote control device.
remould:Change the appearance, structure, or character of.
remount:Get on (something) in order to ride it again.
removable:Able to be taken off or away from the position occupied.
removal:The action of taking away or abolishing something unwanted.
removals:The action of taking away or abolishing something unwanted.
remove:Take (something) away or off from the position occupied.
removed:(with reference to cousins) separated in relationship by a particular number of steps of descent.
removes:Take (something) away or off from the position occupied.
removing:Take (something) away or off from the position occupied.
remunerate:Pay (someone) for services rendered or work done.
remuneration:Money paid for work or a service.
remunerative:Financially rewarding; lucrative.
remus:The twin brother of Romulus.
renaissance:The revival of art and literature under the influence of classical models in the 14th–16th centuries.
renal:Relating to the kidneys.
rename:Give a new name to (someone or something)
renamed:Give a new name to.
render:Provide or give (a service, help, etc.)
rendered:(of fat) melted in order to separate out the impurities.
rendering:A performance of a piece of music or drama.
renders:Provide or give (a service, help, etc.)
rendezvous:A meeting at an agreed time and place, typically between two people.
rendezvoused:Meet at an agreed time and place.
rending:Tear (something) into pieces.
rendition:A performance or interpretation, especially of a dramatic role or piece of music.
renditions:A performance or interpretation, especially of a dramatic role or piece of music.
rends:Tear (something) into pieces.
renegade:A person who deserts and betrays an organization, country, or set of principles.
renegades:Become a renegade.
renege:Go back on a promise, undertaking, or contract.
reneging:Go back on a promise, undertaking, or contract.
renegotiate:Negotiate (something) again in order to change the original agreed terms.
renegotiating:Negotiate (something) again in order to change the original agreed terms.
renegotiation:Negotiation of something again in order to change the original agreed terms.
renew:Resume (an activity) after an interruption.
renewable:A source of energy that is not depleted by use, such as water, wind, or solar power.
renewal:An instance of resuming an activity or state after an interruption.
renewed:Having been resumed, re-established, or revived.
renewing:Resume (an activity) after an interruption.
renews:Resume (an activity) after an interruption.
renounce:Formally declare one's abandonment of (a claim, right, or possession)
renounced:Formally declare one's abandonment of (a claim, right, or possession)
renovate:Restore (something old, especially a building) to a good state of repair.
renovated:Restore (something old, especially a building) to a good state of repair.
renovation:The action of renovating a building.
renovations:The action of renovating a building.
renown:The condition of being known or talked about by many people; fame.
renowned:Known or talked about by many people; famous.
rent:Pay someone for the use of (something, typically property, land, or a car)
rental:An amount paid or received as rent.
rentals:An amount paid or received as rent.
rented:(of property, a car, etc.) used in exchange for payment to the owner.
renter:A person who rents an apartment, a car, or other object.
renting:Pay someone for the use of (something, typically property, land, or a car)
rents:A person's parents.
renunciation:The formal rejection of something, typically a belief, claim, or course of action.
reoccupation:The action of occupying a place or position again.
reoccur:Occur again or repeatedly.
reopen:Open again.
reopening:Open again.
reorder:Request (something) to be made, supplied, or served again.
reordering:Request (something) to be made, supplied, or served again.
reorientation:The action of changing the focus or direction of something.
rep:A representative.
repack:Pack (a suitcase or bag) again.
repaid:Pay back (a loan)
repaint:Cover with a new coat of paint.
repair:Fix or mend (a thing suffering from damage or a fault)
repairable:(of something damaged or faulty) able to be restored to a good condition.
repaired:Restore (something damaged, faulty, or worn) to a good condition.
repairing:Restore (something damaged, faulty, or worn) to a good condition.
repairman:A person who repairs vehicles, machinery, or appliances.
repairs:Restore (something damaged, faulty, or worn) to a good condition.
repaper:Apply new wallpaper to (a wall or room).
reparation:The making of amends for a wrong one has done, by paying money to or otherwise helping those who have been wronged.
repartee:Conversation or speech characterized by quick, witty comments or replies.
repartition:Partition or divide (something) again.
repartitioned:Partition or divide (something) again.
repartitioning:Partition or divide (something) again.
repast:A meal.
repasts:A meal.
repatriate:Send (someone) back to their own country.
repatriated:Send (someone) back to their own country.
repatriating:Send (someone) back to their own country.
repatriation:The return of someone to their own country.
repatriations:The return of someone to their own country.
repay:Pay back (a loan, debt, or sum of money)
repaying:Pay back (a loan)
repayment:The action of paying back a loan.
repayments:The action of paying back a loan.
repays:Pay back (a loan)
repeal:Revoke or annul (a law or congressional act)
repealed:Revoke or annul (a law or act of parliament)
repealing:Revoke or annul (a law or act of parliament)
repeals:Revoke or annul (a law or act of parliament)
repeat:Say again something one has already said.
repeatable:Able to be done again.
repeated:Done or occurring again several times in the same way.
repeatedly:Over and over again; constantly.
repeater:A person or thing that repeats something.
repeaters:A person or thing that repeats something.
repeating:(of a firearm) capable of firing several shots in succession without reloading.
repeats:Say again something one has already said.
repel:Drive or force (an attack or attacker) back or away.
repelled:Drive or force (an attack or attacker) back or away.
repellent:A substance that deters insects or other pests from approaching or settling.
repelling:Drive or force (an attack or attacker) back or away.
repels:Drive or force (an attack or attacker) back or away.
repent:Feel or express sincere regret or remorse about one's wrongdoing or sin.
repentance:The action of repenting; sincere regret or remorse.
repentant:Expressing or feeling sincere regret and remorse; remorseful.
repentantly:In a repentant manner.
repented:Feel or express sincere regret or remorse about one's wrongdoing or sin.
repenting:Feel or express sincere regret or remorse about one's wrongdoing or sin.
repents:Feel or express sincere regret or remorse about one's wrongdoing or sin.
repercussion:An unintended consequence occurring some time after an event or action, especially an unwelcome one.
repercussions:An unintended consequence of an event or action, especially an unwelcome one.
repertoire:A stock of plays, dances, or pieces that a company or a performer knows or is prepared to perform.
repertoires:A stock of plays, dances, or items that a company or a performer knows or is prepared to perform.
repertory:The performance of various plays, operas, or ballets by a company at regular short intervals.
repetition:The action of repeating something that has already been said or written.
repetitions:The action of repeating something that has already been said or written.
repetitive:Containing or characterized by repetition, especially when unnecessary or tiresome.
rephrase:Express (an idea or question) in an alternative way, especially with the purpose of changing the detail or perspective of the original idea or question.
rephrased:Express (an idea or question) in an alternative way, especially for the purpose of clarification.
rephrases:Express (an idea or question) in an alternative way, especially for the purpose of clarification.
rephrasing:Express (an idea or question) in an alternative way, especially for the purpose of clarification.
repine:Feel or express discontent; fret.
repined:Feel or express discontent; fret.
repining:Feel or express discontent; fret.
replace:Take the place of.
replaceable:Able to be replaced.
replaced:Take the place of.
replacement:The action or process of replacing someone or something.
replacements:The action or process of replacing someone or something.
replaces:Take the place of.
replacing:Take the place of.
replanning:Plan (something, especially the layout of buildings or cities) differently or again.
replant:Plant (a tree or plant that has been dug up) again, especially when transferring it to a larger pot or new site.
replanted:Plant (a tree or plant which has been dug up) again, especially in a larger pot or new site.
replanting:Plant (a tree or plant which has been dug up) again, especially in a larger pot or new site.
replay:Play back (a recording on tape, video, or film)
replayed:Play back (a recording on tape, video, or film)
replaying:Play back (a recording on tape, video, or film)
replays:Play back (a recording on tape, video, or film)
replenish:Fill (something) up again.
replenished:Fill (something) up again.
replenishing:Fill (something) up again.
replenishment:Restoration of a stock or supply to a former level or condition.
replete:Filled or well-supplied with something.
replica:An exact copy or model of something, especially one on a smaller scale.
replicable:Able to be copied or reproduced exactly.
replicas:An exact copy or model of something, especially one on a smaller scale.
replicate:Make an exact copy of; reproduce.
replicated:Make an exact copy of; reproduce.
replicates:Make an exact copy of; reproduce.
replicating:Make an exact copy of; reproduce.
replication:The action of copying or reproducing something.
replicator:A thing which replicates or copies something.
replicators:A thing which replicates or copies something.
replied:Say something in response to something someone has said.
replies:Say something in response to something someone has said.
reply:Say something in response to something someone has said.
replying:Say something in response to something someone has said.
repopulate:Introduce a population into (a previously occupied area or country)
repopulated:Introduce a population into (a previously occupied area or country)
report:Give a spoken or written account of something that one has observed, heard, done, or investigated.
reportage:The reporting of news, for the press and the broadcast media.
reported:Having been formally or officially announced or described.
reportedly:According to what some say (used to express the speaker's belief that the information given is not necessarily true)
reporter:A person who reports, especially one employed to report news or conduct interviews for newspapers or broadcasts.
reporters:A person who reports, especially one employed to report news or conduct interviews for the press or broadcasting media.
reporting:Give a spoken or written account of something that one has observed, heard, done, or investigated.
reports:Give a spoken or written account of something that one has observed, heard, done, or investigated.
repose:Be lying, situated, or kept in a particular place.
reposed:Be situated or kept in a particular place.
reposes:Be situated or kept in a particular place.
reposing:Be situated or kept in a particular place.
reposition:Place in a different position; adjust or alter the position of.
repositioned:Place in a different position; adjust or alter the position of.
repositioning:Place in a different position; adjust or alter the position of.
repositions:Place in a different position; adjust or alter the position of.
repositories:A place where or receptacle in which things are or may be stored.
repository:A place, building, or receptacle where things are or may be stored.
repossess:Retake possession of (something) when a buyer defaults on payments.
repossessed:Retake possession of (something) when a buyer defaults on payments.
repossessing:Retake possession of (something) when a buyer defaults on payments.
repossession:The action of retaking possession of something, in particular when a buyer defaults on payments.
repossessions:The action of retaking possession of something, in particular when a buyer defaults on payments.
reprehend:Reprimand.
reprehensible:Deserving censure or condemnation.
represent:Be entitled or appointed to act or speak for (someone), especially in an official capacity.
representation:The action of speaking or acting on behalf of someone or the state of being so represented.
representational:Relating to or characterized by representation.
representations:The action of speaking or acting on behalf of someone or the state of being so represented.
representative:A person chosen or appointed to act or speak for another or others.
representatives:A person chosen or appointed to act or speak for another or others.
represented:Be entitled or appointed to act or speak for (someone), especially in an official capacity.
representing:Be entitled or appointed to act or speak for (someone), especially in an official capacity.
represents:Be entitled or appointed to act or speak for (someone), especially in an official capacity.
repress:Subdue (someone or something) by force.
repressed:Restrained, inhibited, or oppressed.
represses:Subdue (someone or something) by force.
repressing:Subdue (someone or something) by force.
repression:The action of subduing someone or something by force.
repressions:The action of subduing someone or something by force.
repressive:(especially of a social or political system) inhibiting or restraining the freedom of a person or group of people.
reprieve:Cancel or postpone the punishment of (someone, especially someone condemned to death)
reprieved:Cancel or postpone the punishment of (someone, especially someone condemned to death)
reprimand:Rebuke (someone), especially officially.
reprimanded:Address a reprimand to.
reprimanding:Address a reprimand to.
reprimands:Address a reprimand to.
reprint:Print again or in a different form.
reprinted:Print again or in a different form.
reprinting:Print again or in a different form.
reprints:Print again or in a different form.
reprisal:An act of retaliation.
reprisals:An act of retaliation.
reprise:Repeat (a piece of music or a performance)
reproach:Address (someone) in such a way as to express disapproval or disappointment.
reproached:Express to (someone) one's disapproval of or disappointment in their actions.
reproaches:Express to (someone) one's disapproval of or disappointment in their actions.
reproachful:Expressing disapproval or disappointment.
reproaching:Expressing disapproval or disappointment.
reprobate:Express or feel disapproval of.
reprobates:Express or feel disapproval of.
reprocess:Process (something, especially spent nuclear fuel) again or differently, typically in order to reuse it.
reprocessed:Process (something, especially spent nuclear fuel) again or differently, typically in order to reuse it.
reprocessing:Process (something, especially spent nuclear fuel) again or differently, typically in order to reuse it.
reproduce:Produce again.
reproduced:Produce a copy of.
reproduces:Produce a copy of.
reproducibility:The ability to be reproduced or copied.
reproducible:Able to be reproduced or copied.
reproducibly:In a way that can be reproduced or copied.
reproducing:Produce a copy of.
reproduction:The action or process of making a copy of something.
reproductive:Relating to or effecting reproduction.
reprogram:Program (a computer or something likened to one) again or differently.
reprogramme:Program (a computer or something likened to one) again or differently.
reprogrammed:Program (a computer or something likened to one) again or differently.
reprogramming:Program (a computer or something likened to one) again or differently.
reproof:An expression of blame or disapproval.
reproofs:An expression of blame or disapproval.
reprove:Reprimand or censure (someone)
reproved:Reprimand (someone)
reps:Act as a sales representative.
reptile:A vertebrate animal of a class that includes snakes, lizards, crocodiles, turtles, and tortoises. They are distinguished by having a dry scaly skin and typically laying soft-shelled eggs on land.
reptiles:A vertebrate animal of a class that includes snakes, lizards, crocodiles, turtles, and tortoises. They are distinguished by having a dry scaly skin and typically laying soft-shelled eggs on land.
reptilian:An animal belonging to the class Reptilia; a reptile.
reptilians:An animal belonging to the class Reptilia; a reptile.
republic:A state in which supreme power is held by the people and their elected representatives, and which has an elected or nominated president rather than a monarch.
republican:A person advocating or supporting republican government.
republicanism:Support for a republican system of government.
republicans:An advocate of republican government.
republication:The publication of a text again, especially in a new edition.
republics:A state in which supreme power is held by the people and their elected representatives, and which has an elected or nominated president rather than a monarch.
republish:Publish (a text) again, especially in a new edition.
republished:Publish (a text) again, especially in a new edition.
republishes:Publish (a text) again, especially in a new edition.
republishing:Publish (a text) again, especially in a new edition.
repudiate:Refuse to accept or be associated with.
repudiated:Refuse to accept; reject.
repudiates:Refuse to accept; reject.
repudiating:Refuse to accept; reject.
repudiation:Rejection of a proposal or idea.
repugnance:Intense disgust.
repugnant:Extremely distasteful; unacceptable.
repulse:Drive back (an attack or attacking enemy) by force.
repulsed:Drive back (an attack or attacker) by force.
repulsing:Drive back (an attack or attacker) by force.
repulsion:A feeling of intense distaste or disgust.
repulsive:Arousing intense distaste or disgust.
repurchase:Buy (something) back.
reputable:Having a good reputation.
reputation:The beliefs or opinions that are generally held about someone or something.
reputations:The beliefs or opinions that are generally held about someone or something.
repute:Be generally regarded to be or as being (but not definitely the case)
reputed:Generally believed to exist or be something specified, but not definitely the case.
reputedly:According to what people say or believe; supposedly.
reputes:Be generally regarded to be or as being (but not definitely the case)
request:Politely or formally ask for.
requested:Politely or formally ask for.
requesting:Politely or formally ask for.
requests:Politely or formally ask for.
requiem:(especially in the Roman Catholic Church) a Mass for the repose of the souls of the dead.
requiems:(especially in the Roman Catholic Church) a Mass for the repose of the souls of the dead.
require:Need for a particular purpose.
required:Officially compulsory, or otherwise considered essential; indispensable.
requirement:A thing that is needed or wanted.
requirements:A thing that is needed or wanted.
requires:Need for a particular purpose.
requiring:Need for a particular purpose.
requisite:A thing that is necessary for the achievement of a specified end.
requisites:A thing that is necessary for the achievement of a specified end.
requisition:Demand the use or supply of, especially by official order and for military or public use.
requisitioned:Demand the use or supply of (something) by official order.
requisitioning:Demand the use or supply of (something) by official order.
requisitions:Demand the use or supply of (something) by official order.
requite:Make appropriate return for (a favor, service, or wrongdoing)
requited:To repay, requite.
reran:Show, stage, or perform again.
reread:Read (a text) again.
rereading:Read (a text) again.
rereads:Read (a text) again.
reroute:Send (someone or something) by or along a different route.
rerouted:Send by or along a different route.
reroutes:Send by or along a different route.
rerouting:Send by or along a different route.
rerun:Show or perform (something, especially a television program) again.
rerunning:Show, stage, or perform again.
reruns:Show, stage, or perform again.
resale:The sale of a thing previously bought.
rescale:Alter the scale of (something), typically to make it smaller or simpler.
rescaled:Change the scale of (something)
rescales:Change the scale of (something)
rescaling:Change the scale of (something)
reschedule:Change the time of (a planned event)
rescheduled:Change the time of (a planned event)
rescheduling:Change the time of (a planned event)
rescind:Revoke, cancel, or repeal (a law, order, or agreement)
rescinded:Revoke, cancel, or repeal (a law, order, or agreement)
rescinding:Revoke, cancel, or repeal (a law, order, or agreement)
rescue:Save (someone) from a dangerous or distressing situation.
rescued:Save (someone) from a dangerous or difficult situation.
rescuer:A person who saves someone from a dangerous or difficult situation.
rescuers:A person who saves someone from a dangerous or difficult situation.
rescues:Save (someone) from a dangerous or difficult situation.
rescuing:Save (someone) from a dangerous or difficult situation.
resealed:Seal (something) again.
research:Investigate systematically.
researched:Investigate systematically.
researcher:A person who carries out academic or scientific research.
researchers:A person who carries out academic or scientific research.
researches:Investigate systematically.
researching:Investigate systematically.
reseated:Cause (someone) to sit down again after they have risen.
reseeding:Sow (an area of land) with seed, especially grass seed, again.
reselect:Select (someone or something) again or differently.
reselected:Select (someone or something) again or differently.
resell:Sell (something one has bought) to someone else.
reseller:A person or company that sells something they have bought to someone else.
resellers:A person or company that sells something they have bought to someone else.
reselling:Sell (something one has bought) to someone else.
resemblance:The state of resembling or being alike.
resemblances:The state of resembling or being alike.
resemble:Have qualities or features, especially those of appearance, in common with (someone or something); look or seem like.
resembled:Have a similar appearance to or qualities in common with (someone or something); look or seem like.
resembles:Have a similar appearance to or qualities in common with (someone or something); look or seem like.
resembling:Have a similar appearance to or qualities in common with (someone or something); look or seem like.
resend:Send (a message, letter, package, etc.) again.
resending:Send (a message, letter, package, etc.) again.
resent:Feel bitterness or indignation at (a circumstance, action, or person)
resented:Feel bitterness or indignation at (a circumstance, action, or person)
resentful:Feeling or expressing bitterness or indignation at having been treated unfairly.
resenting:Feel bitterness or indignation at (a circumstance, action, or person)
resentment:Bitter indignation at having been treated unfairly.
resentments:Bitter indignation at having been treated unfairly.
resents:Feel bitterness or indignation at (a circumstance, action, or person)
reservation:The action of reserving something.
reserve:Refrain from using or disposing of (something); retain for future use.
reserved:Slow to reveal emotion or opinions.
reserves:Retain for future use.
reserving:Retain for future use.
reservists:A member of the military reserve forces.
reservoir:A large natural or artificial lake used as a source of water supply.
reservoirs:A large natural or artificial lake used as a source of water supply.
reset:Set again or differently.
resets:Set again or differently.
resetting:Set again or differently.
resettle:Settle or cause to settle in a different place.
resettled:Settle or cause to settle in a different place.
resettlement:The settlement of people in a different place.
resettling:Settle or cause to settle in a different place.
reshape:Shape or form (something) differently or again.
reshaped:Shape or form (something) differently or again.
reshapes:Shape or form (something) differently or again.
reshaping:Shape or form (something) differently or again.
resharpen:Sharpen (a blade or implement) again.
resharpened:Sharpen (a blade or implement) again.
resharpening:Sharpen (a blade or implement) again.
reshow:Show for a second or subsequent time.
reshowing:Show for a second or subsequent time.
reshuffle:Reorganize or change the positions of (government appointees, members of a team, etc.)
reshuffled:Interchange the positions of (members of a team, especially government ministers)
reshuffles:Interchange the positions of (members of a team, especially government ministers)
reshuffling:Interchange the positions of (members of a team, especially government ministers)
reside:Have one's permanent home in a particular place.
resided:Have one's permanent home in a particular place.
residence:A person's home; the place where someone lives.
residences:A person's home, especially a large and impressive one.
residency:The fact of living in a place.
resident:A person who lives somewhere permanently or on a long-term basis.
residential:Designed for people to live in.
residents:A person who lives somewhere permanently or on a long-term basis.
resides:Have one's permanent home in a particular place.
residing:Have one's permanent home in a particular place.
residual:A quantity remaining after other things have been subtracted or allowed for.
residuals:A quantity remaining after other things have been subtracted or allowed for.
residuary:Residual.
residue:A small amount of something that remains after the main part has gone or been taken or used.
residues:A small amount of something that remains after the main part has gone or been taken or used.
residuum:A substance or thing that remains or is left behind, in particular, a chemical residue.
resign:Voluntarily leave a job or other position.
resignal:Equip (a railroad line) with new signal equipment.
resignation:An act of retiring or giving up a position.
resignations:An act of resigning from a job or office.
resigned:Having accepted something unpleasant that one cannot do anything about.
resigning:Voluntarily leave a job or office.
resigns:Voluntarily leave a job or office.
resilience:The capacity to recover quickly from difficulties; toughness.
resilient:(of a person or animal) able to withstand or recover quickly from difficult conditions.
resin:Rub or treat with resin.
resins:Rub or treat with resin.
resiny:Of the nature of or resembling resin; containing resin; characteristic of resin.
resist:Withstand the action or effect of.
resistance:The refusal to accept or comply with something; the attempt to prevent something by action or argument.
resistant:Offering resistance to something or someone.
resisted:Withstand the action or effect of.
resisting:Withstand the action or effect of.
resistive:Able to withstand the action or effect of something.
resistively:With resistance or opposition.
resistivity:A measure of the resisting power of a specified material to the flow of an electric current.
resistor:A device having a designed resistance to the passage of an electric current.
resistors:A device having resistance to the passage of an electric current.
resists:Withstand the action or effect of.
resit:Take (an examination) again after failing it.
resiting:Place or situate in a different place.
resits:Take (an examination) again after failing it.
resize:Alter the size of (something, especially a computer window or image)
resizing:Alter the size of (something, especially a computer window or image)
resold:Sell (something one has bought) to someone else.
resolute:Admirably purposeful, determined, and unwavering.
resolutely:In an admirably purposeful, determined, and unwavering manner.
resolution:A firm decision to do or not to do something.
resolutions:A firm decision to do or not to do something.
resolve:Settle or find a solution to (a problem, dispute, or contentious matter)
resolved:Firmly determined to do something.
resolvent:An equation, function, or expression used as a resolvent.
resolves:Settle or find a solution to (a problem or contentious matter)
resolving:Settle or find a solution to (a problem or contentious matter)
resonance:The quality in a sound of being deep, full, and reverberating.
resonances:The quality in a sound of being deep, full, and reverberating.
resonant:(of sound) deep, clear, and continuing to sound or ring.
resonate:Produce or be filled with a deep, full, reverberating sound.
resonated:Produce or be filled with a deep, full, reverberating sound.
resonates:Produce or be filled with a deep, full, reverberating sound.
resonating:Produce or be filled with a deep, full, reverberating sound.
resonator:An apparatus that increases the resonance of a sound, especially a hollow part of a musical instrument.
resonators:An apparatus that increases the resonance of a sound, especially a hollow part of a musical instrument.
resort:A place that is a popular destination for vacations or recreation, or which is frequented for a particular purpose.
resorted:Turn to and adopt (a course of action, especially an extreme or undesirable one) so as to resolve a difficult situation.
resorting:Turn to and adopt (a course of action, especially an extreme or undesirable one) so as to resolve a difficult situation.
resorts:Turn to and adopt (a course of action, especially an extreme or undesirable one) so as to resolve a difficult situation.
resound:(of a sound, voice, etc.) fill a place with sound; be loud enough to echo.
resounded:(of a sound, voice, etc.) fill or echo throughout a place.
resounding:Unmistakable; emphatic.
resoundingly:In an unmistakable or emphatic manner; totally.
resounds:(of a sound, voice, etc.) fill or echo throughout a place.
resource:Provide (a person or organization) with materials, money, staff, and other assets necessary for effective operation.
resourced:Provide with resources.
resourceful:Having the ability to find quick and clever ways to overcome difficulties.
resourcefulness:The ability to find quick and clever ways to overcome difficulties.
resources:Provide with resources.
resourcing:Provide with resources.
respecified:Specify again or differently.
respecify:Specify again or differently.
respect:Admire (someone or something) deeply, as a result of their abilities, qualities, or achievements.
respectability:The state or quality of being proper, correct, and socially acceptable.
respectable:Regarded by society to be good, proper, or correct.
respectably:In a way that is regarded by society to be good, proper, or correct.
respected:Deeply admired or esteemed.
respectful:Feeling or showing deference and respect.
respectfully:With deference and respect.
respecting:With reference or regard to.
respective:Belonging or relating separately to each of two or more people or things.
respectively:Separately or individually and in the order already mentioned (used when enumerating two or more items or facts that refer back to a previous statement)
respects:Admire (someone or something) deeply, as a result of their abilities, qualities, or achievements.
respiration:The action of breathing.
respirator:An apparatus worn over the mouth and nose or the entire face to prevent the inhalation of dust, smoke, or other noxious substances.
respirators:An apparatus worn over the mouth and nose or the entire face to prevent the inhalation of dust, smoke, or other noxious substances.
respiratory:Relating to or affecting respiration or the organs of respiration.
respire:Breathe.
respired:Breathe.
respite:Postpone (a sentence, obligation, etc.)
resplendent:Attractive and impressive through being richly colorful or sumptuous.
respond:Say something in reply.
responded:Say something in reply.
respondent:A defendant in a lawsuit, especially one in an appeals or divorce case.
respondents:A party against whom a petition is filed, especially one in an appeal or a divorce case.
responder:A person who replies to something, especially one supplying information for a questionnaire or responding to an advertisement.
responders:A person who replies to something, especially one supplying information for a questionnaire or responding to an advertisement.
responding:Say something in reply.
responds:Say something in reply.
response:A verbal or written answer.
responses:A verbal or written answer.
responsibility:The state or fact of having a duty to deal with something or of having control over someone.
responsible:Having an obligation to do something, or having control over or care for someone, as part of one's job or role.
responsibly:In a sensible or trustworthy manner.
responsive:Reacting quickly and positively.
responsiveness:The quality of reacting quickly and positively.
respray:Spray (something, especially a vehicle) with a new coat of paint.
resprayed:Spray (something, especially a vehicle) with a new coat of paint.
resprays:Spray (something, especially a vehicle) with a new coat of paint.
rest:Cease work or movement in order to relax, refresh oneself, or recover strength.
restart:Start again.
restarted:Start again.
restarting:Start again.
restarts:Start again.
restate:State (something) again or differently, especially in order to correct or to make more clear or convincing.
restated:State (something) again or differently, especially more clearly or convincingly.
restatement:An act of stating something again or differently, especially more clearly or convincingly.
restates:State (something) again or differently, especially more clearly or convincingly.
restating:State (something) again or differently, especially more clearly or convincingly.
restaurant:A place where people pay to sit and eat meals that are cooked and served on the premises.
restaurants:A place where people pay to sit and eat meals that are cooked and served on the premises.
restaurateur:A person who owns and manages a restaurant.
restaurateurs:A person who owns and manages a restaurant.
rested:Cease work or movement in order to relax, sleep, or recover strength.
restful:Having a quiet and soothing quality.
resting:Cease work or movement in order to relax, sleep, or recover strength.
restitution:The restoration of something lost or stolen to its proper owner.
restive:(of a person) unable to keep still or silent and becoming increasingly difficult to control, especially because of impatience, dissatisfaction, or boredom.
restless:(of a person or animal) unable to rest or relax as a result of anxiety or boredom.
restlessness:The inability to rest or relax as a result of anxiety or boredom.
restock:Replenish (a store) with fresh stock or supplies.
restocking:Replenish (a store) with fresh stock or supplies.
restoration:The action of returning something to a former owner, place, or condition.
restorative:Something, especially a medicine or drink, that restores health, strength, or well-being.
restore:Bring back (a previous right, practice, custom, or situation); reinstate.
restored:Bring back or re-establish (a previous right, practice, or situation)
restorer:A person who repairs or renovates a building, work of art, etc. so as to return it to its original condition.
restorers:A person who repairs or renovates a building, work of art, etc. so as to return it to its original condition.
restores:Bring back or re-establish (a previous right, practice, or situation)
restoring:Bring back or re-establish (a previous right, practice, or situation)
restrain:Prevent (someone or something) from doing something; keep under control or within limits.
restrained:Characterized by reserve or moderation; unemotional or dispassionate.
restraining:Intended to keep someone under control or prevent someone from doing something.
restrains:Prevent (someone or something) from doing something; keep under control or within limits.
restraint:A measure or condition that keeps someone or something under control or within limits.
restraints:A measure or condition that keeps someone or something under control.
restrict:Put a limit on; keep under control.
restricted:Limited in extent, number, scope, or action.
restricting:Put a limit on; keep under control.
restriction:A limiting condition or measure, especially a legal one.
restrictions:A limiting condition or measure, especially a legal one.
restrictive:Imposing restrictions or limitations on someone's activities or freedom.
restricts:Put a limit on; keep under control.
restroom:A bathroom in a public building.
restructure:Organize differently.
restructured:Organize differently.
restructures:Organize differently.
restructuring:A reorganization of a company with a view to achieving greater efficiency and profit, or to adapt to a changing market.
rests:Cease work or movement in order to relax, sleep, or recover strength.
restyled:Rearrange or remake in a new shape or layout.
resubmission:The action of submitting something, such as a plan, application, or resignation, again.
resubmissions:The action of submitting something, such as a plan, application, or resignation, again.
resubmit:Submit (something, such as a plan, application, or resignation) again.
resubmits:Submit (something, such as a plan, application, or resignation) again.
resubmitted:Submit (something, such as a plan, application, or resignation) again.
resubmitting:Submit (something, such as a plan, application, or resignation) again.
result:A consequence, effect, or outcome of something.
resultant:A force, velocity, or other vector quantity which is equivalent to the combined effect of two or more component vectors acting at the same point.
resulted:Occur or follow as the consequence of something.
resulting:Occurring or following as the consequence of something.
results:Occur or follow as the consequence of something.
resume:Begin to do or pursue (something) again after a pause or interruption.
resumed:Begin again or continue after a pause or interruption.
resumes:Begin again or continue after a pause or interruption.
resuming:Begin again or continue after a pause or interruption.
resumption:The action of beginning something again after a pause or interruption.
resupply:Provide with a fresh supply.
resurface:Put a new coating on or reform (a surface such as a road, a floor, or ice)
resurfaced:Put a new coating on or re-form (a surface, especially a road)
resurfacing:Put a new coating on or re-form (a surface, especially a road)
resurgence:An increase or revival after a period of little activity, popularity, or occurrence.
resurgent:Increasing or reviving after a period of little activity, popularity, or occurrence.
resurrect:Restore (a dead person) to life.
resurrected:Restore (a dead person) to life.
resurrecting:Restore (a dead person) to life.
resurrection:The action or fact of resurrecting or being resurrected.
resurrects:Restore (a dead person) to life.
resuscitate:Revive (someone) from unconsciousness or apparent death.
resuscitated:Revive (someone) from unconsciousness or apparent death.
resuscitating:Revive (someone) from unconsciousness or apparent death.
resuscitation:The action or process of reviving someone from unconsciousness or apparent death.
retail:Being sold by retail or at a retail price.
retailed:Being sold by retail or at a retail price.
retailer:A person or business that sells goods to the public in relatively small quantities for use or consumption rather than for resale.
retailers:A person or business that sells goods to the public in relatively small quantities for use or consumption rather than for resale.
retailing:Being sold by retail or at a retail price.
retails:Being sold by retail or at a retail price.
retain:Continue to have (something); keep possession of.
retained:Continue to have (something); keep possession of.
retainer:A thing that holds something in place.
retainers:A thing that holds something in place.
retaining:(of a device, fastening, etc.) serving to hold an object in place.
retains:Continue to have (something); keep possession of.
retake:Take (something) again.
retaken:Take (something) again.
retakes:Take (something) again.
retaking:Take (something) again.
retaliate:Make an attack or assault in return for a similar attack.
retaliated:Make an attack in return for a similar attack.
retaliates:Make an attack in return for a similar attack.
retaliating:Make an attack in return for a similar attack.
retaliation:The action of returning a military attack; counterattack.
retaliatory:(of an action) characterized by a desire for revenge.
retard:Delay or hold back in terms of progress, development, or accomplishment.
retardant:A fabric or substance that prevents or inhibits something, especially the outbreak of fire.
retardation:The action of delaying or slowing the progress or development of something.
retarded:Less advanced in mental, physical, or social development than is usual for one's age.
retarding:Delay or hold back in terms of progress or development.
retards:Delay or hold back in terms of progress or development.
retch:Make the sound and movement of vomiting.
retched:Make the sound and movement of vomiting.
retching:Make the sound and movement of vomiting.
retell:Tell (a story) again or differently.
retelling:Tell (a story) again or differently.
retention:The continued possession, use, or control of something.
retentive:(of a person's memory) having the ability to remember facts and impressions easily.
retentivity:The ability of a substance to retain or resist magnetization, frequently measured as the strength of the magnetic field that remains in a sample after removal of an inducing field.
retest:Test (someone or something) again.
retested:Test (someone or something) again.
retesting:Test (someone or something) again.
retests:Test (someone or something) again.
rethink:Think again about (something such as a policy or course of action), especially in order to make changes to it.
rethinking:Consider or assess (something, especially a course of action) again, especially in order to change it.
rethought:Consider or assess (something, especially a course of action) again, especially in order to change it.
reticence:The quality of being reticent; reserve.
reticent:Not revealing one's thoughts or feelings readily.
reticular:Characterized by a fine network or netlike structure.
reticulated:Constructed, arranged, or marked like a net or network.
reticulation:A pattern or arrangement of interlacing lines resembling a net.
reticule:A woman's small handbag, originally netted and typically having a drawstring and decorated with embroidery or beading.
reticules:A woman's small handbag, typically having a drawstring and decorated with embroidery or beading.
reticulum:A fine network or netlike structure.
retied:Tie (something) again.
retina:A layer at the back of the eyeball containing cells that are sensitive to light and that trigger nerve impulses that pass via the optic nerve to the brain, where a visual image is formed.
retinal:Relating to the retina.
retinas:A layer at the back of the eyeball that contains cells sensitive to light, which trigger nerve impulses that pass via the optic nerve to the brain, where a visual image is formed.
retinitis:Inflammation of the retina of the eye.
retinue:A group of advisers, assistants, or others accompanying an important person.
retinues:A group of advisers, assistants, or others accompanying an important person.
retire:Leave one's job and cease to work, typically upon reaching the normal age for leaving employment.
retired:Having left one's job and ceased to work.
retiree:A person who has retired from employment.
retirement:The action or fact of leaving one's job and ceasing to work.
retirements:The action or fact of leaving one's job and ceasing to work.
retires:Leave one's job and cease to work, typically on reaching the normal age for leaving service.
retiring:Shy and fond of being on one's own.
retitle:Give a different title to.
retitled:Give a different title to.
retitling:Give a different title to.
retold:Tell (a story) again or differently.
retook:Take (something) again.
retort:Say something in answer to a remark or accusation, typically in a sharp, angry, or wittily incisive manner.
retorted:Say something in answer to a remark, typically in a sharp, angry, or witty manner.
retorting:Say something in answer to a remark, typically in a sharp, angry, or witty manner.
retorts:Say something in answer to a remark, typically in a sharp, angry, or witty manner.
retouch:Improve or repair (a painting, a photograph, makeup, etc.) by making slight additions or alterations.
retouched:Improve or repair (a painting, photograph, or other image) by making slight additions or alterations.
retouching:Improve or repair (a painting, photograph, or other image) by making slight additions or alterations.
retrace:Go back over (the same route that one has just taken)
retraced:Go back over (the same route that one has just taken)
retraces:Go back over (the same route that one has just taken)
retracing:Go back over (the same route that one has just taken)
retract:Draw back.
retractable:Able to be drawn back or back in.
retracted:Draw back.
retracting:Draw back.
retraction:The action of drawing something back or back in.
retractions:The action of drawing something back or back in.
retracts:Draw back.
retrain:Teach (someone) new skills, especially so that they can do a different job.
retrained:Teach (someone) new skills to enable them to do a different job.
retraining:Teach (someone) new skills to enable them to do a different job.
retral:And . Posterior; situated at or towards the back; facing backwards.
retransmission:The action or process of transmitting data, a radio signal, or a broadcast program again or on to another receiver.
retransmissions:The action or process of transmitting data, a radio signal, or a broadcast programme again or on to another receiver.
retransmit:Transmit (data, a radio signal, or a broadcast program) again or on to another receiver.
retransmits:Transmit (data, a radio signal, or a broadcast programme) again or on to another receiver.
retransmitted:Transmit (data, a radio signal, or a broadcast programme) again or on to another receiver.
retransmitting:Transmit (data, a radio signal, or a broadcast programme) again or on to another receiver.
retreads:Go back over (a path or one's steps)
retreat:(of an army) withdraw from enemy forces as a result of their superior power or after a defeat.
retreated:(of an army) withdraw from enemy forces as a result of their superior power or after a defeat.
retreating:Moving back or away; withdrawing.
retrench:(of a company, government, or individual) reduce costs or spending in response to economic difficulty.
retrenchment:The reduction of costs or spending in response to economic difficulty.
retrial:A second or further trial.
retribution:Punishment inflicted on someone as vengeance for a wrong or criminal act.
retried:Try (a defendant or case) again.
retries:Try (a defendant or case) again.
retrieval:The process of getting something back from somewhere.
retrievals:The process of getting something back from somewhere.
retrieve:Get or bring (something) back; regain possession of.
retrieved:Get or bring (something) back from somewhere.
retrieving:Get or bring (something) back from somewhere.
retro:Clothes or music whose style or design is imitative of those of the recent past.
retroactive:(especially of legislation) taking effect from a date in the past.
retrofit:Add (a component or accessory) to something that did not have it when manufactured.
retrofitted:Add (a component or accessory) to something that did not have it when manufactured.
retrofitting:Add (a component or accessory) to something that did not have it when manufactured.
retrograde:A degenerate person.
retrospect:A survey or review of a past course of events or period of time.
retrospection:The action of looking back on or reviewing past events or situations, especially those in one's own life.
retrospective:An exhibition or compilation showing the development of the work of a particular artist over a period of time.
retrospectively:With consideration of past events or situations.
retry:Try (a defendant or case) again.
retune:Tune (something) again or differently.
return:Come or go back to a place or person.
returned:Come or go back to a place or person.
returning:Come or go back to a place or person.
returns:Come or go back to a place or person.
reunify:Restore political unity to (a place or group, especially a divided territory)
reunion:An instance of two or more people coming together again after a period of separation.
reunions:An instance of two or more people coming together again after a period of separation.
reunite:Come together or cause to come together again after a period of separation or disunity.
reunited:Come together or cause to come together again after a period of separation or disunity.
reunites:Come together or cause to come together again after a period of separation or disunity.
reuniting:Come together or cause to come together again after a period of separation or disunity.
reusable:An item which can be used again or more than once.
reuse:Use again or more than once.
reused:Use again or more than once.
rev:Increase the running speed of (an engine) or the engine speed of (a vehicle) by pressing the accelerator, especially while the clutch is disengaged.
revaluation:The action of assessing the value of something again.
revalue:Assess the value of (something) again.
revamp:Give new and improved form, structure, or appearance to.
revamped:Having been given a new and improved form, structure, or appearance.
revamping:Give new and improved form, structure, or appearance to.
reveal:Make (previously unknown or secret information) known to others.
revealed:Make (previously unknown or secret information) known to others.
revealing:Making interesting or significant information known, especially about a person's attitude or character.
reveals:Make (previously unknown or secret information) known to others.
reveille:A signal sounded especially on a bugle or drum to wake personnel in the armed forces.
revel:Enjoy oneself in a lively and noisy way, especially with drinking and dancing.
revelation:A surprising and previously unknown fact, especially one that is made known in a dramatic way.
revelations:A surprising and previously unknown fact that has been disclosed to others.
revelatory:Revealing something hitherto unknown.
reveller:A person who is enjoying themselves in a lively and noisy way.
revellers:A person who is enjoying themselves in a lively and noisy way.
revelling:The action of participating in lively and noisy festivities, especially involving drinking and dancing.
revelry:Lively and noisy festivities, especially when these involve drinking a large amount of alcohol.
revels:Enjoy oneself in a lively and noisy way, especially with drinking and dancing.
revenant:A person who has returned, especially supposedly from the dead.
revenge:Inflict hurt or harm on someone for an injury or wrong done to (someone else)
revengeful:Eager for revenge.
revenges:Inflict hurt or harm on someone for an injury or wrong done to oneself.
revenging:Inflict hurt or harm on someone for an injury or wrong done to oneself.
revenue:Income, especially when of a company or organization and of a substantial nature.
revenues:Income, especially when of an organization and of a substantial nature.
reverberant:Characterized by reverberation.
reverberate:(of a loud noise) be repeated several times as an echo.
reverberated:(of a loud noise) be repeated several times as an echo.
reverberates:(of a loud noise) be repeated several times as an echo.
reverberating:(of a loud noise) be repeated several times as an echo.
reverberation:Prolongation of a sound; resonance.
reverberations:Prolongation of a sound; resonance.
revere:Feel deep respect or admiration for (something)
revered:Feel deep respect or admiration for (something)
reverence:Regard or treat with deep respect.
reverend:A member of the clergy.
reverent:Feeling or showing deep and solemn respect.
reverential:Of the nature of, due to, or characterized by reverence.
reverently:With deep and solemn respect.
reveres:Feel deep respect or admiration for (something)
reverie:A state of being pleasantly lost in one's thoughts; a daydream.
reveries:A state of being pleasantly lost in one's thoughts; a daydream.
revering:Feel deep respect or admiration for (something)
reversal:A change to an opposite direction, position, or course of action.
reversals:A change to an opposite direction, position, or course of action.
reverse:Move backward.
reversed:Turned the other way around or up or inside out.
reverses:Move backwards.
reversible:Able to be turned the other way around.
reversing:Move backwards.
reversion:A return to a previous state, practice, or belief.
revert:Return to (a previous state, practice, topic, etc.)
reverted:Return to (a previous state, practice, topic, etc.)
reverting:Return to (a previous state, practice, topic, etc.)
reverts:Return to (a previous state, practice, topic, etc.)
review:Examine or assess (something) formally with the possibility or intention of instituting change if necessary.
reviewed:Assess (something) formally with the intention of instituting change if necessary.
reviewer:A person who writes critical appraisals of books, plays, movies, etc., for publication.
reviewers:A person who writes critical appraisals of books, plays, films, etc. for publication.
reviewing:Assess (something) formally with the intention of instituting change if necessary.
reviews:Assess (something) formally with the intention of instituting change if necessary.
revile:Criticize in an abusive or angrily insulting manner.
reviled:Criticize in an abusive or angrily insulting manner.
reviling:Criticize in an abusive or angrily insulting manner.
revise:Re-examine and make alterations to (written or printed matter)
revised:(of written or printed matter) having been altered or corrected.
revises:Examine and make corrections or alterations to (written or printed matter)
revision:The action of revising.
revisionism:A policy of revision or modification, especially of Marxism on evolutionary socialist (rather than revolutionary) or pluralist principles.
revisionist:A supporter of a policy of revision or modification.
revisionists:A supporter of a policy of revision or modification.
revisit:Come back to or visit again.
revisited:Come back to or visit again.
revisiting:Come back to or visit again.
revisits:Come back to or visit again.
revitalisation:The action of imbuing something with new life and vitality.
revitalise:Imbue (something) with new life and vitality.
revitalised:Imbue (something) with new life and vitality.
revitalising:Imbue (something) with new life and vitality.
revival:An improvement in the condition or strength of something.
revivalism:Belief in or the promotion of a revival of religious fervor.
revivals:An improvement in the condition, strength, or fortunes of someone or something.
revive:Restore to life or consciousness.
revived:Restore to life or consciousness.
revives:Restore to life or consciousness.
revivify:Give new life or vigor to.
revivifying:Give new life or vigour to.
reviving:Restore to life or consciousness.
revocable:Capable of being revoked or canceled.
revocation:The official cancellation of a decree, decision, or promise.
revocations:The official cancellation of a decree, decision, or promise.
revoke:Put an end to the validity or operation of (a decree, decision, or promise)
revoked:Officially cancel (a decree, decision, or promise)
revokes:Officially cancel (a decree, decision, or promise)
revoking:Officially cancel (a decree, decision, or promise)
revolt:Rise in rebellion.
revolted:Disgusted.
revolting:Causing intense disgust; disgusting.
revolts:Take violent action against an established government or ruler; rebel.
revolution:A forcible overthrow of a government or social order, in favor of a new system.
revolutionaries:A person who advocates or engages in political revolution.
revolutionary:A person who works for or engages in political revolution.
revolutionise:Change (something) radically or fundamentally.
revolutionised:Change (something) radically or fundamentally.
revolutionises:Change (something) radically or fundamentally.
revolutionising:Change (something) radically or fundamentally.
revolutions:A forcible overthrow of a government or social order, in favour of a new system.
revolve:Move in a circle on a central axis.
revolved:Move in a circle on a central axis.
revolver:A pistol with revolving chambers enabling several shots to be fired without reloading.
revolvers:A pistol with revolving chambers enabling several shots to be fired without reloading.
revolves:Move in a circle on a central axis.
revolving:Move in a circle on a central axis.
revs:Increase the running speed of (an engine) or the engine speed of (a vehicle) by pressing the accelerator, especially while the clutch is disengaged.
revue:A light theatrical entertainment consisting of a series of short sketches, songs, and dances, typically dealing satirically with topical issues.
revues:A light theatrical entertainment consisting of a series of short sketches, songs, and dances, typically dealing satirically with topical issues.
revulsion:A sense of disgust and loathing.
revved:Increase the running speed of (an engine) or the engine speed of (a vehicle) by pressing the accelerator, especially while the clutch is disengaged.
revving:Increase the running speed of (an engine) or the engine speed of (a vehicle) by pressing the accelerator, especially while the clutch is disengaged.
reward:Make a gift of something to (someone) in recognition of their services, efforts, or achievements.
rewarded:Give something to (someone) in recognition of their services, efforts, or achievements.
rewarding:Providing satisfaction; gratifying.
rewards:Give something to (someone) in recognition of their services, efforts, or achievements.
reweighed:Weigh (something) again.
rewind:Wind (a tape or film) back to the beginning.
rewinding:(with reference to a film or tape) wind or be wound back to the beginning.
rewinds:(with reference to a film or tape) wind or be wound back to the beginning.
rewire:Provide (an appliance, building, or vehicle) with new electric wiring.
rewired:Provide (an appliance, building, or vehicle) with new electric wiring.
rewiring:Provide (an appliance, building, or vehicle) with new electric wiring.
reword:Put (something) into different words.
reworded:Put (something) into different words.
rewording:Put (something) into different words.
rework:Make changes to the original version of (something)
reworked:Make changes to the original version of (something)
reworking:An altered or revised version of something.
reworks:Make changes to the original version of (something)
rewound:(with reference to a film or tape) wind or be wound back to the beginning.
rewrap:Wrap (something) again or differently.
rewritable:(of a storage medium) supporting overwriting of previously recorded data.
rewrite:Write (something) again so as to alter or improve it.
rewrites:Write (something) again so as to alter or improve it.
rewriting:Write (something) again so as to alter or improve it.
rewritten:Write (something) again so as to alter or improve it.
rewrote:Write (something) again so as to alter or improve it.
rhapsodies:An effusively enthusiastic or ecstatic expression of feeling.
rhapsody:An effusively enthusiastic or ecstatic expression of feeling.
rhea:A large flightless bird of South American grasslands, resembling a small ostrich with grayish-brown plumage.
rhenium:The chemical element of atomic number 75, a rare silvery-white metal which occurs in trace amounts in ores of molybdenum and other metals.
rheology:The branch of physics that deals with the deformation and flow of matter, especially the non-Newtonian flow of liquids and the plastic flow of solids.
rheostat:An electrical instrument used to control a current by varying the resistance.
rhetoric:The art of effective or persuasive speaking or writing, especially the use of figures of speech and other compositional techniques.
rhetorical:Relating to or concerned with the art of rhetoric.
rhetorically:In terms of rhetoric or speech intended to impress or persuade.
rhetorician:An expert in formal rhetoric.
rheumatic:A person suffering from rheumatism.
rheumatism:Any disease marked by inflammation and pain in the joints, muscles, or fibrous tissue, especially rheumatoid arthritis.
rheumatoid:Relating to, affected by, or resembling rheumatism.
rhine:A river in western Europe that rises in the Swiss Alps and flows for 820 miles (1,320 km) to the North Sea, forming the German–Swiss border before flowing through Germany and the Netherlands. French name Rhin.
rhinestone:An imitation diamond used in costume jewelry and to decorate clothes.
rhinitis:Inflammation of the mucous membrane of the nose, caused by a virus infection (e.g. the common cold) or by an allergic reaction (e.g. hay fever).
rhino:A rhinoceros.
rhinoceros:A large, heavily built plant-eating mammal with one or two horns on the nose and thick folded skin, native to Africa and southern Asia. All kinds have become endangered through hunting.
rhinoceroses:A large, heavily built plant-eating mammal with one or two horns on the nose and thick folded skin, native to Africa and southern Asia. All kinds have become endangered through hunting.
rhizome:A continuously growing horizontal underground stem which puts out lateral shoots and adventitious roots at intervals.
rho:The seventeenth letter of the Greek alphabet (Ρ, ρ), transliterated as ‘r’ or (when written with a rough breathing) ‘rh.’.
rhodium:The chemical element of atomic number 45, a hard silvery-white metal of the transition series, typically occurring in association with platinum.
rhododendron:A shrub or small tree of the heath family, with large clusters of bell-shaped flowers and typically with large evergreen leaves, widely grown as an ornamental.
rhombus:A parallelogram with opposite equal acute angles, opposite equal obtuse angles, and four equal sides.
rhubarb:The thick leaf stalks of a cultivated plant of the dock family, which are reddish or green and eaten as a fruit after cooking.
rhyme:Correspondence of sound between words or the endings of words, especially when these are used at the ends of lines of poetry.
rhymes:(of a word, syllable, or line) have or end with a sound that corresponds to another.
rhyming:(of a word, syllable, or line) having or ending with an identical or corresponding sound to another.
rhythm:A strong, regular, repeated pattern of movement or sound.
rhythmic:Having or relating to rhythm.
rhythmically:In a way that relates to rhythm.
rhythms:A strong, regular repeated pattern of movement or sound.
ria:A long, narrow inlet formed by the partial submergence of a river valley.
rial:The basic monetary unit of Iran and Oman, equal to 100 dinars in Iran and 1,000 baiza in Oman.
rials:The basic monetary unit of Iran and Oman, equal to 100 dinars in Iran and 1,000 baiza in Oman.
rialto:A city in southwestern California, west of San Bernardino; population 98,700 (est. 2008).
rib:Mark with or form into raised bands or ridges.
ribald:Referring to sexual matters in an amusingly coarse or irreverent way.
ribaldry:Amusingly coarse or irreverent talk or behavior.
ribbed:(especially of a fabric or garment) having a pattern of raised bands.
ribbing:A riblike structure or pattern, especially a band of knitting in rib.
ribbon:Extend or move in a long, narrow strip like a ribbon.
ribbons:Extend or move in a long, narrow strip like a ribbon.
ribcage:The bony frame formed by the ribs round the chest.
riboflavin:A yellow vitamin of the B complex which is essential for metabolic energy production. It is present in many foods, especially milk, liver, eggs, and green vegetables, and is also synthesized by the intestinal flora.
ribosomes:A minute particle consisting of RNA and associated proteins found in large numbers in the cytoplasm of living cells. They bind messenger RNA and transfer RNA to synthesize polypeptides and proteins.
ribs:Mark with or form into ridges.
rice:Force (cooked potatoes or other vegetables) through a sieve or ricer.
rich:Having a great deal of money or assets; wealthy.
richer:Having a great deal of money or assets; wealthy.
riches:Material wealth.
richly:In an elaborate, generous, or plentiful way.
richness:The state of existing in or containing plentiful quantities of something desirable.
rick:Form into a rick or ricks; stack.
rickety:(of a structure or piece of equipment) poorly made and likely to collapse.
ricks:Form into a rick or ricks; stack.
rickshaw:A light two-wheeled passenger vehicle drawn by one or more people, chiefly used in Asian countries.
ricochet:(of a bullet, shell, or other projectile) rebound one or more times off a surface.
ricocheting:(of a bullet or other projectile) rebound off a surface.
rid:Make someone or something free of (a troublesome or unwanted person or thing)
riddance:The action of getting rid of a troublesome or unwanted person or thing.
ridden:Sit on and control the movement of (an animal, typically a horse)
ridding:Make someone or something free of (an unwanted person or thing)
riddle:A question or statement intentionally phrased so as to require ingenuity in ascertaining its answer or meaning, typically presented as a game.
riddled:Speak in or pose riddles.
riddles:Speak in or pose riddles.
riddling:Speaking or expressed in riddles; enigmatic.
ride:Sit on and control the movement of (an animal, especially a horse), typically as a recreation or sport.
rider:A person who is riding or who can ride something, especially a horse, bicycle, motorcycle, or snowboard.
riders:A person who is riding or who can ride a horse, bicycle, motorcycle, etc.
rides:Sit on and control the movement of (an animal, typically a horse)
ridge:Mark with or form into narrow raised bands.
ridged:Marked with or formed into narrow raised bands.
ridges:Mark with or form into narrow raised bands.
ridicule:Subject (someone or something) to contemptuous and dismissive language or behavior.
ridiculed:Subject to contemptuous and dismissive language or behaviour.
ridiculing:Subject to contemptuous and dismissive language or behaviour.
ridiculous:Deserving or inviting derision or mockery; absurd.
ridiculously:So as to invite mockery or derision; absurdly.
ridiculousness:The quality or state of deserving or inviting derision or mockery.
riding:The sport or activity of riding horses.
ridings:The sport or activity of riding horses.
rids:Make someone or something free of (an unwanted person or thing)
rife:In an unchecked or widespread manner.
riff:A short repeated phrase in popular music and jazz, typically used as an introduction or refrain in a song.
riffle:Turn over something, especially the pages of a book, quickly and casually.
riffs:Play riffs.
rifle:Make spiral grooves in (a gun or its barrel or bore) to make a bullet spin and thereby have greater accuracy over a long distance.
rifled:(of a gun or its barrel) having a bore with spiral grooves.
rifleman:A soldier armed with a rifle, especially a private in a rifle regiment.
rifles:Make spiral grooves in (a gun or its barrel or bore) to make a bullet spin and thereby have greater accuracy over a long distance.
rifling:The arrangement of spiral grooves on the inside of a rifle barrel.
rift:A crack, split, or break in something.
rifts:Break apart or become separated through faulting caused by plate tectonics.
rig:Make (a sailing ship or boat) ready for sailing by providing it with sails and rigging.
rigged:Provide (a sailing boat) with sails and rigging.
rigger:A person who rigs or attends to the rigging of a sailing ship, aircraft, or parachute.
rigging:The system of ropes, cables, or chains employed to support a ship's masts (standing rigging) and to control or set the yards and sails (running rigging)
right:That which is morally correct, just, or honorable.
righted:Restore to a normal or upright position.
righteous:(of a person or conduct) morally right or justifiable; virtuous.
righteousness:The quality of being morally right or justifiable.
rightful:Having a legitimate right to property, position, or status.
rightfully:In accordance with a legitimate right or claim to property, position, or status.
righting:Restore to a normal or upright position.
rightist:A person who supports the political views or policies of the right.
rightly:Correctly.
rightmost:Situated furthest to the right.
rightness:The quality or state of being morally good, justified, or acceptable.
rights:Restore to a normal or upright position.
rightward:Toward the right.
rightwards:Toward the right.
rigid:Unable to bend or be forced out of shape; not flexible.
rigidifies:Make or become rigid or inflexible.
rigidify:Make or become rigid or inflexible.
rigidity:Inability to be to bent or be forced out of shape.
rigidly:In a strict or exacting way.
rigmarole:A lengthy and complicated procedure.
rigor:A sudden feeling of cold with shivering accompanied by a rise in temperature, often with copious sweating, especially at the onset or height of a fever.
rigorous:Extremely thorough, exhaustive, or accurate.
rigorously:In an extremely thorough and careful way.
rigour:The quality of being extremely thorough and careful.
rigs:Provide (a sailing boat) with sails and rigging.
rile:Make (someone) annoyed or irritated.
riled:Make (someone) annoyed or irritated.
riles:Make (someone) annoyed or irritated.
riling:Make (someone) annoyed or irritated.
rill:A small stream.
rills:Flow in a small stream; trickle.
rim:Form or act as an outer edge or rim for.
rime:Cover (an object) with hoarfrost.
rimmed:Form or act as an outer edge or rim for.
rims:Form or act as an outer edge or rim for.
rind:Strip the bark from (a tree)
rinds:Strip the bark from (a tree)
ring:Surround (someone or something), especially for protection or containment.
ringed:Marked with or encircled by a ring or rings.
ringer:A person or thing that looks exactly like another.An athlete or horse fraudulently substituted for another in a competition or event.A person who is highly proficient at a particular skill or sport and is brought in to supplement a team or group of people.
ringers:A person or thing that looks very like another.An athlete or horse fraudulently substituted for another in a competition or event.A motor vehicle whose identity has been fraudulently changed by the substitution of a different registration plate.A highly proficient person brought in supplement a team or group.
ringing:Having or emitting a clear resonant sound.
ringleader:A person who initiates or leads an illicit or illegal activity.
ringleaders:A person who initiates or leads an illicit or illegal activity.
ringlet:A lock of hair hanging in a corkscrew-shaped curl.
ringlets:A lock of hair hanging in a corkscrew-shaped curl.
ringmaster:The person directing a circus performance.
rings:Surround (someone or something), especially for protection or containment.
ringside:Beside a boxing ring or circus ring.
ringworm:A contagious itching skin disease occurring in small circular patches, caused by any of a number of fungi and affecting chiefly the scalp or the feet. The most common form is athlete's foot.
rink:An enclosed area of ice for skating, ice hockey, or curling.A smooth enclosed floor for roller skating.A building containing an ice rink or roller rink.The strip of a bowling green used for playing a match.
rinks:An enclosed area of ice for skating, ice hockey, or curling.A smooth enclosed floor for roller skating.A building containing an ice rink or roller rink.The strip of a bowling green used for playing a match.
rinse:Wash (something) with clean water to remove soap, detergent, dirt, or impurities.
rinsed:Wash (something) with clean water to remove soap, detergent, dirt, or impurities.
rinses:Wash (something) with clean water to remove soap, detergent, dirt, or impurities.
rinsing:Wash (something) with clean water to remove soap, detergent, dirt, or impurities.
riot:A violent disturbance of the peace by a crowd.
rioted:Take part in a violent public disturbance.
rioter:A person who takes part in a riot or violent public disturbance.
rioting:The violent disturbance of the peace by a crowd.
riotous:Marked by or involving public disorder.
riots:Take part in a violent public disturbance.
rip:Tear or pull (something) quickly or forcibly away from something or someone.
ripcord:A cord that is pulled to open a parachute.
ripe:(of fruit or grain) developed to the point of readiness for harvesting and eating.
ripen:Become or make ripe.
ripened:Become or make ripe.
ripening:Become or make ripe.
ripens:Become or make ripe.
riper:(of fruit or grain) developed to the point of readiness for harvesting and eating.
ripest:(of fruit or grain) developed to the point of readiness for harvesting and eating.
riping:The action of "ripe"; searching, clearing out, or (now rare) plundering.
riposte:Make a quick, clever reply to an insult or criticism.
riposted:Make a quick, clever reply to an insult or criticism.
ripostes:Make a quick, clever reply to an insult or criticism.
ripped:(of clothes or fabric) badly torn.
ripper:A tool that is used to tear or break something.
rippers:A tool that is used to tear or break something.
ripping:Splendid; excellent.
ripple:A small wave or series of waves on the surface of water, especially as caused by an object dropping into it or a slight breeze.
rippled:(of water) form or flow with a series of small waves on the surface.
ripples:(of water) form or flow with a series of small waves on the surface.
rippling:(of water) forming or flowing with a series of small waves on the surface.
rips:Tear or pull (something) quickly or forcibly away from something or someone.
ripstop:Nylon fabric that is woven so that a tear will not spread.
rise:Move from a lower position to a higher one; come or go up.
risen:Move from a lower position to a higher one; come or go up.
riser:A person who habitually gets out of bed at a particular time of the morning.
risers:A person who habitually gets out of bed at a particular time of the morning.
rises:Move from a lower position to a higher one; come or go up.
risible:Such as to provoke laughter.
rising:An armed protest against authority; a revolt.
risings:An armed protest against authority; a revolt.
risk:Expose (someone or something valued) to danger, harm, or loss.
risked:Expose (someone or something valued) to danger, harm, or loss.
riskier:Full of the possibility of danger, failure, or loss.
riskiest:Full of the possibility of danger, failure, or loss.
risking:Expose (someone or something valued) to danger, harm, or loss.
risks:Expose (someone or something valued) to danger, harm, or loss.
risky:Full of the possibility of danger, failure, or loss.
risotto:An Italian dish of rice cooked in stock with other ingredients such as meat and vegetables.
rissole:A compressed mixture of meat and spices, coated in breadcrumbs and fried.
rissoles:A compressed mixture of meat and spices, coated in breadcrumbs and fried.
rite:A religious or other solemn ceremony or act.
rites:A religious or other solemn ceremony or act.
ritual:A religious or solemn ceremony consisting of a series of actions performed according to a prescribed order.
ritualised:Performed by following a prescribed pattern of actions or behaviour.
ritualistic:Relating to or characteristic of rituals followed as part of a religious or solemn ceremony.
ritually:In a way that is done as a religious or solemn rite.
rituals:A religious or solemn ceremony consisting of a series of actions performed according to a prescribed order.
rival:Be or seem to be equal or comparable to.
rivalled:Be or seem to be equal or comparable to.
rivalling:Be or seem to be equal or comparable to.
rivalries:Competition for the same objective or for superiority in the same field.
rivalry:Competition for the same objective or for superiority in the same field.
rivals:Be or seem to be equal or comparable to.
riven:Split or tear apart violently.
river:A large natural stream of water flowing in a channel to the sea, a lake, or another such stream.
riverine:Relating to or situated on a river or riverbank; riparian.
rivers:A large natural stream of water flowing in a channel to the sea, a lake, or another river.
riverside:The ground along a riverbank.
rivet:Join or fasten (plates of metal) with a rivet or rivets.
riveted:Join or fasten (plates of metal) with a rivet or rivets.
riveting:Completely engrossing; compelling.
rivets:Join or fasten (plates of metal) with a rivet or rivets.
riviera:A coastal region with a subtropical climate and vegetation.
rivulet:A very small stream.
rivulets:A small stream of water or another liquid.
roach:A cockroach.
roaches:A cockroach.
road:A wide way leading from one place to another, especially one with a specially prepared surface which vehicles can use.
roadblock:A barrier or barricade on a road, especially one set up by the authorities to stop and examine traffic.
roadblocks:A barrier or barricade on a road, especially one set up by the authorities to stop and examine traffic.
roadhouse:A tavern, inn, or club on a country road.
roadmap:Schedule as part of a lengthy or complex program.
roads:A wide way leading from one place to another, especially one with a specially prepared surface which vehicles can use.
roadshow:A touring show of performers, especially pop musicians.
roadshows:A touring show of performers, especially pop musicians.
roadside:The strip of land beside a road.
roadsides:The strip of land beside a road.
roadster:An open-top automobile with two seats.
roadway:A road.
roadways:A road.
roadworks:Work done in building or repairing roads.
roadworthy:(of a motor vehicle or bicycle) fit to be used on the road.
roam:Move about or travel aimlessly or unsystematically, especially over a wide area.
roamed:Move about or travel aimlessly or unsystematically, especially over a wide area.
roaming:The practice of using a mobile phone on another operator's network, typically while abroad.
roams:Move about or travel aimlessly or unsystematically, especially over a wide area.
roan:An animal with a roan coat.
roar:(of a lion or other large wild animal) utter a full, deep, prolonged cry.
roared:(of a lion or other large wild animal) utter a full, deep, prolonged cry.
roaring:Making or uttering a loud, deep, or harsh prolonged sound.
roars:(of a lion or other large wild animal) utter a full, deep, prolonged cry.
roast:Cook (food, especially meat) by prolonged exposure to heat in an oven or over a fire.
roasted:(of food) cooked by prolonged exposure to heat in an oven or over a fire.
roaster:A container, oven, furnace, or apparatus for roasting something.
roasting:The action of cooking something in an oven or over an open fire.
roasts:Cook (food, especially meat) by prolonged exposure to heat in an oven or over a fire.
rob:Take property unlawfully from (a person or place) by force or threat of force.
robbed:Take property unlawfully from (a person or place) by force or threat of force.
robber:A person who commits robbery.
robberies:The action of taking property unlawfully from a person or place by force or threat of force.
robbers:A person who commits robbery.
robbery:The action of taking property unlawfully from a person or place by force or threat of force.
robbing:Take property unlawfully from (a person or place) by force or threat of force.
robe:Clothe in a robe or long, loose outer garment.
robed:Wearing a robe or long, loose outer garment.
robes:Clothe in a robe or long, loose outer garment.
robin:A large New World thrush that typically has a reddish breast.
robins:A small Old World thrush related to the chats, typically having a brown back with red on the breast or other colourful markings.
robot:(especially in science fiction) a machine resembling a human being and able to replicate certain human movements and functions automatically.
robotic:Relating to or of the nature of robots.
robotics:The branch of technology that deals with the design, construction, operation, and application of robots.
robs:Take property unlawfully from (a person or place) by force or threat of force.
robust:Strong and healthy; vigorous.
robustly:In a determined and forceful way.
robustness:The quality or condition of being strong and in good condition.
roc:A gigantic mythological bird described in the Arabian Nights.
rock:The solid mineral material forming part of the surface of the earth and other similar planets, exposed on the surface or underlying the soil or oceans.
rocked:The solid mineral material forming part of the surface of the earth and other similar planets, exposed on the surface or underlying the soil.
rocker:A person who performs, dances to, or enjoys rock music, especially of a particular type.
rockers:A person who performs, dances to, or enjoys rock music.
rockery:A heaped arrangement of rough stones with soil between them, planted with rock plants, especially alpines.
rocket:(of an amount, price, etc.) increase very rapidly and suddenly.
rocketed:(of an amount, price, etc.) increase very rapidly and suddenly.
rocketing:(of an amount, price, etc.) increasing very rapidly and suddenly.
rocketry:The branch of science that deals with rockets and rocket propulsion.
rockets:(of an amount, price, etc.) increase very rapidly and suddenly.
rockfall:A descent of loose rocks.
rockfalls:An avalanche of loose rocks.
rockier:Consisting or full of rock or rocks.
rockiest:Consisting or full of rock or rocks.
rocking:The action of moving or being moved gently to and fro or from side to side.
rocks:The solid mineral material forming part of the surface of the earth and other similar planets, exposed on the surface or underlying the soil.
rocky:Consisting or full of rock or rocks.
rococo:The rococo style of art, decoration, or architecture.
rocs:A gigantic mythological bird described in the Arabian Nights.
rod:A thin straight bar, especially of wood or metal.
rode:past of ride
rodent:A gnawing mammal of an order that includes rats, mice, squirrels, hamsters, porcupines, and their relatives, distinguished by strong constantly growing incisors and no canine teeth. They constitute the largest order of mammals.
rodents:A gnawing mammal of an order that includes rats, mice, squirrels, hamsters, porcupines, and their relatives, distinguished by strong constantly growing incisors and no canine teeth. They constitute the largest order of mammals.
rodeo:An exhibition or contest in which cowboys show their skill at riding broncos, roping calves, wrestling steers, etc.
rodeos:Compete in a rodeo.
rods:A thin straight bar, especially of wood or metal.
roe:The mass of eggs contained in the ovaries of a female fish or shellfish, typically including the ovaries themselves, especially when ripe and used as food.The ripe testes of a male fish, especially when used as food.
roebuck:A male roe deer.
roentgen:A unit of ionizing radiation, the amount producing one electrostatic unit of positive or negative ionic charge in one cubic centimeter of air under standard conditions.
roes:The mass of eggs contained in the ovaries of a female fish or shellfish, especially when ripe and used as food; the full ovaries themselves.The ripe testes of a male fish, especially when used as food.
rogue:Remove inferior or defective plants or seedlings from (a crop)
roguery:Conduct characteristic of a rogue, especially acts of dishonesty or playful mischief.
rogues:Remove inferior or defective plants or seedlings from (a crop)
roguish:Characteristic of a dishonest or unprincipled person.
roister:Enjoy oneself or celebrate in a noisy or boisterous way.
roistering:Enjoy oneself or celebrate in a noisy or boisterous way.
role:An actor's part in a play, movie, etc.
roles:An actor's part in a play, film, etc.
roll:Move or cause to move in a particular direction by turning over and over on an axis.
rolled:Move in a particular direction by turning over and over on an axis.
roller:A cylinder that rotates around a central axis and is used in various machines and devices to move, flatten, or spread something.
rollers:A cylinder that rotates about a central axis and is used in various machines and devices to move, flatten, or spread something.
rollicking:Exuberantly lively and amusing.
rolling:Moving by turning over and over on an axis.
rolls:Move in a particular direction by turning over and over on an axis.
rolypoly:A pudding made of a sheet of suet pastry covered with jam or fruit, formed into a roll, and steamed or baked.
rom:A member of the Roma people; a Romani person.
roman:A citizen or soldier of the ancient Roman Republic or Empire.
romance:Court; woo.
romanced:Try to gain the love of; court.
romancer:A person prone to wild exaggeration or falsehood.
romances:Try to gain the love of; court.
romancing:Try to gain the love of; court.
romans:A citizen or soldier of the ancient Roman Republic or Empire.
romantic:A person with romantic beliefs or attitudes.
romantically:In a way that relates to love or sexual relationships.
romanticised:Deal with or describe in an idealized or unrealistic fashion; make (something) seem better or more appealing than it really is.
romanticises:Deal with or describe in an idealized or unrealistic fashion; make (something) seem better or more appealing than it really is.
romanticising:Deal with or describe in an idealized or unrealistic fashion; make (something) seem better or more appealing than it really is.
romanticism:A movement in the arts and literature that originated in the late 18th century, emphasizing inspiration, subjectivity, and the primacy of the individual.
romantics:A person with romantic beliefs or attitudes.
romany:A member of a people originating in South Asia and traditionally having an itinerant way of life, living widely dispersed across Europe and North and South America and speaking a language that is related to Hindi.
rome:The capital of Italy, situated in the west central part of the country, on the Tiber River, about 16 miles (25 km) inland; population 2,724,347 (2008). According to tradition, the ancient city was founded by Romulus (after whom it is named) in 753 BC on the Palatine Hill; as it grew it spread to the other six hills of Rome (Aventine, Caelian, Capitoline, Esquiline, and Quirinal). Rome was made capital of a unified Italy in 1871.
romp:(especially of a child or animal) play roughly and energetically.
romped:(especially of a child or animal) play roughly and energetically.
romper:A young child's one-piece outer garment.
romping:(especially of a child or animal) play roughly and energetically.
romps:(especially of a child or animal) play roughly and energetically.
romulus:One of the traditional founders of Rome, with his brother Remus. The twin sons of Mars by the Vestal Virgin Silvia, Romulus and Remus were abandoned at birth but were found and suckled by a she-wolf and brought up by a shepherd family. Remus is said to have been killed by Romulus during an argument about the new city.
rondavel:A traditional circular African dwelling with a conical thatched roof.
roo:A kangaroo.
roof:Cover with a roof.
roofed:Cover with a roof.
roofer:A person who constructs or repairs roofs.
roofing:Material for constructing a building's roof.
roofs:Cover with a roof.
rooftop:The outer surface of a building's roof.
rooftops:The outer surface of a building's roof.
rooibos:An evergreen South African shrub of the pea family.
rook:Defraud, overcharge, or swindle (someone)
rookeries:A breeding colony of rooks, typically seen as a collection of nests high in a clump of trees.
rookery:A breeding colony of rooks, typically seen as a collection of nests high in a clump of trees.
rookies:A new recruit, especially in the army or police.
rooks:Defraud, overcharge, or swindle (someone)
room:Space that can be occupied or where something can be done, especially viewed in terms of whether there is enough.
roomful:As much or as many as fit in a room.
roomier:(especially of accommodation) having plenty of room; spacious.
roomiest:(especially of accommodation) having plenty of room; spacious.
roommate:A person occupying the same room as another.
rooms:Share a room, house, or flat, especially a rented one at a college or similar institution.
roomy:(especially of accommodations) having plenty of room; spacious.
roost:A place where birds regularly settle or congregate to rest at night, or where bats congregate to rest in the day.
roosted:(of a bird or bat) settle or congregate for rest or sleep.
rooster:A male domestic chicken.
roosters:A male domestic fowl; a cock.
roosting:(of a bird or bat) settle or congregate for rest or sleep.
roosts:(of a bird or bat) settle or congregate for rest or sleep.
root:Cause (a plant or cutting) to grow roots.
rooted:Exhausted; worn out.
rooting:Cause (a plant or cutting) to grow roots.
rootless:(of a plant) not having roots.
roots:Cause (a plant or cutting) to grow roots.
rope:Catch, fasten, or secure with rope.
roped:Catch, fasten, or secure with rope.
ropes:Catch, fasten, or secure with rope.
roping:The action of catching or securing something with ropes.
rosaries:(in the Roman Catholic Church) a form of devotion in which five (or fifteen) decades of Hail Marys are repeated, each decade preceded by an Our Father and followed by a Glory Be.
rosary:(in the Roman Catholic Church) a form of devotion in which five (or fifteen) decades of Hail Marys are repeated, each decade preceded by an Our Father and followed by a Glory Be.
rose:Make rosy.
rosebud:An unopened flower of a rose.
rosebuds:An unopened flower of a rose.
rosemary:An evergreen aromatic shrub of the mint family, native to southern Europe. The narrow leaves are used as a culinary herb, in perfumery, and as an emblem of remembrance.
roses:Make rosy.
rosette:A rose-shaped decoration, typically made of ribbon and awarded to winners of a competition.
rosettes:A rose-shaped decoration, typically made of ribbon, worn by supporters of a sports team or political party or awarded as a prize.
rosewood:Fragrant close-grained tropical timber with a distinctive fragrance, used particularly for making furniture and musical instruments.
rosier:(especially of a person's skin) coloured like a pink or red rose, typically as an indication of health, youth, or embarrassment.
rosiest:(especially of a person's skin) coloured like a pink or red rose, typically as an indication of health, youth, or embarrassment.
rosin:Rub (something, especially a violin bow or string) with rosin.
roster:Assign according to a duty roster.
rostering:Place on or assign according to a duty roster.
rosters:Place on or assign according to a duty roster.
rostrum:A raised platform on which a person stands to make a public speech, receive an award or medal, play music, or conduct an orchestra.
rostrums:A raised platform on which a person stands to make a public speech, receive an award or medal, play music, or conduct an orchestra.
rosy:(especially of a person's skin) colored like a pink or red rose, typically as an indication of health, youth, or embarrassment.
rot:(chiefly of animal or vegetable matter) decay or cause to decay by the action of bacteria and fungi; decompose.
rota:A list showing when each of a number of people has to do a particular job.
rotary:A rotary machine, engine, or device.
rotas:A list showing when each of a number of people has to do a particular job.
rotate:Move or cause to move in a circle around an axis or center.
rotated:Move or cause to move in a circle round an axis or centre.
rotates:Move or cause to move in a circle round an axis or centre.
rotating:Moving in a circle around an axis or center.
rotation:The action of rotating around an axis or center.
rotational:Using or relating to a circular movement about an axis or center.
rotations:The action of rotating about an axis or centre.
rotator:A thing which rotates or which causes something to rotate.
rotators:A thing which rotates or which causes something to rotate.
rote:Mechanical or habitual repetition of something to be learned.
rotor:A hub with a number of radiating airfoils that is rotated in an approximately horizontal plane to provide the lift for a helicopter or other rotary wing aircraft.
rotors:A hub with a number of radiating aerofoils that is rotated in an approximately horizontal plane to provide the lift for a helicopter or other rotary wing aircraft.
rots:(chiefly of animal or vegetable matter) decay or cause to decay by the action of bacteria and fungi; decompose.
rotted:(chiefly of animal or vegetable matter) decay or cause to decay by the action of bacteria and fungi; decompose.
rotten:To an extreme degree; very much.
rotter:A cruel, stingy, or unkind person.
rotting:(chiefly of animal or vegetable matter) decay or cause to decay by the action of bacteria and fungi; decompose.
rotund:(of a person) plump.
rotunda:A round building or room, especially one with a dome.
rouble:The basic monetary unit of Russia and some other former republics of the USSR, equal to 100 kopeks.
roubles:The basic monetary unit of Russia and some other former republics of the USSR, equal to 100 kopeks.
rouge:Color with rouge.
rouged:Colored with rouge.
rouges:Colour with rouge.
rough:A disreputable and violent person.
roughage:Fibrous indigestible material in vegetable foodstuffs which aids the passage of food and waste products through the gut.
roughed:Work or shape (something) in a rough, preliminary fashion.
roughen:Make or become rough.
roughened:Make or become rough.
roughens:Make or become rough.
rougher:Work or shape (something) in a rough, preliminary fashion.
roughest:Work or shape (something) in a rough, preliminary fashion.
roughie:A violent, disreputable person; a hooligan or troublemaker.
roughing:Unnecessary or excessive use of force, for which a penalty may be assessed.
roughly:In a manner lacking gentleness; harshly or violently.
roughness:The quality or state of having an uneven or irregular surface.
roughs:Work or shape (something) in a rough, preliminary fashion.
roughshod:(of a horse) having shoes with nailheads projecting to prevent slipping.
roulette:Make slit-shaped perforations in (paper, especially sheets of postage stamps)
round:Pass and go around (something) so as to move on in a changed direction.
roundabout:A road junction at which traffic moves in one direction around a central island to reach one of the roads converging on it; a traffic circle.
roundabouts:A road junction at which traffic moves in one direction round a central island to reach one of the roads converging on it.
rounded:Having a smooth, curved surface.
roundel:A small disk, especially a decorative medallion.
roundels:A small disc, especially a decorative medallion.
rounder:A person who frequents bars and is often drunk.
rounders:A ball game similar to baseball, played chiefly in British schools.
roundest:On every side of (a focal point)
roundhouse:A locomotive maintenance shed built around a turntable.
rounding:On every side of (a focal point)
roundly:In a vehement or emphatic manner.
rounds:On every side of (a focal point)
roundup:A systematic gathering together of people or things.
rouse:Bring out of sleep; awaken.
roused:Cause to stop sleeping.
rouses:Cause to stop sleeping.
rousing:Exciting; stirring.
rout:Defeat and cause to retreat in disorder.
route:Send or direct along a specified course.
routed:Send or direct along a specified course.
routeing:Send or direct along a specified course.
router:A power tool with a shaped cutter, used in carpentry for making grooves for joints, decorative moldings, etc.
routers:A power tool with a shaped cutter, used in carpentry for making grooves for joints, decorative mouldings, etc.
routes:Send or direct along a specified course.
routine:Organize according to a routine.
routinely:As part of a regular procedure rather than for a special reason.
routines:Organize according to a routine.
routing:Send or direct along a specified course.
routs:Defeat and cause to retreat in disorder.
rove:Travel constantly without a fixed destination; wander.
roved:Travel constantly without a fixed destination; wander.
rover:A person who spends their time wandering.
rovers:A person who spends their time wandering.
roves:Travel constantly without a fixed destination; wander.
roving:Constantly moving from one area or place to another.
rovings:Constantly moving from one area or place to another.
row:A number of people or things in a more or less straight line.
rowboat:A small boat propelled by use of oars.
rowboats:A small boat propelled by use of oars; a rowing boat.
rowdier:A noisy and disorderly person.
rowdiest:A noisy and disorderly person.
rowdy:A noisy and disorderly person.
rowed:A number of people or things in a more or less straight line.
rower:A person who rows a boat, especially as a member of a racing team.
rowers:A person who rows a boat, especially as a member of a racing team.
rowing:The sport or pastime of propelling a boat by means of oars.
rows:A number of people or things in a more or less straight line.
royal:A member of a royal family, especially in England.
royalist:A person who supports the principle of monarchy or a particular monarchy.
royalists:A person who supports the principle of monarchy or a particular monarchy.
royally:By a king or queen.
royals:A member of the royal family.
royalties:People of royal blood or status.
royalty:People of royal blood or status.
rub:Move one's hand or a cloth repeatedly back and forth on the surface of (something) with firm pressure.
rubbed:Apply firm pressure to the surface of (something), using a repeated back and forth motion.
rubber:A tough elastic polymeric substance made from the latex of a tropical plant or synthetically.
rubberised:Treated or coated with rubber.
rubbers:A tough elastic polymeric substance made from the latex of a tropical plant or synthetically.
rubbery:Having a tough elastic texture, like that of rubber.
rubbing:The action of rubbing something.
rubbings:The action of rubbing something.
rubbish:Criticize severely and reject as worthless.
rubbished:Criticize severely and reject as worthless.
rubbishes:Criticize severely and reject as worthless.
rubbishing:Criticize severely and reject as worthless.
rubbishy:Of poor quality and little value.
rubble:Waste or rough fragments of stone, brick, concrete, etc., especially as the debris from the demolition of buildings.
rubella:A contagious viral disease, with symptoms like mild measles. It can cause fetal malformation if contracted in early pregnancy.
rubicon:Score a rubicon against (one's opponent).
rubicund:(especially of someone's face) having a ruddy complexion; high-colored.
rubidium:The chemical element of atomic number 37, a rare soft silvery reactive metal of the alkali metal group.
rubies:A precious stone consisting of corundum in colour varieties varying from deep crimson or purple to pale rose.
rubric:A heading on a document.
rubs:Apply firm pressure to the surface of (something), using a repeated back and forth motion.
ruby:A precious stone consisting of corundum in color varieties varying from deep crimson or purple to pale rose.
ruck:A tightly packed crowd of people.
rucks:Take part in a ruck.
rucksack:A bag with shoulder straps that allow it to be carried on someone's back, typically made of a strong, waterproof material and widely used by hikers; a backpack.
rucksacks:A bag with shoulder straps which allow it to be carried on someone's back, typically made of a strong, waterproof material and widely used by hikers.
ruction:A disturbance or quarrel.
ructions:A disturbance or quarrel.
rudder:A flat piece hinged vertically near the stern of a boat or ship for steering.
rudderless:Lacking a rudder.
rudders:A flat piece hinged vertically near the stern of a boat or ship for steering.
ruddy:Make ruddy in color.
rude:Offensively impolite or ill-mannered.
rudely:In an offensive or bad-mannered way.
rudeness:Lack of manners; discourtesy.
ruder:Offensively impolite or bad-mannered.
rudest:Offensively impolite or bad-mannered.
rudimentary:Involving or limited to basic principles.
rudiments:The first principles of (a subject)
rue:Bitterly regret (something one has done or allowed to happen)
rueful:Expressing sorrow or regret, especially when in a slightly humorous way.
ruefully:In a way that expresses sorrow or regret, especially in a wry or humorous manner.
rues:Bitterly regret (something one has done or allowed to happen) and wish it undone.
ruff:A projecting starched frill worn around the neck, characteristic of Elizabethan and Jacobean costume.
ruffian:A violent criminal or troublemaker.
ruffle:Disorder or disarrange (someone's hair), typically by running one's hands through it.
ruffled:(of a person's hair) disarranged.
rug:A floor covering of thick woven material or animal skin, typically not extending over the entire floor.
rugby:A team game played with an oval ball that may be kicked, carried, and passed from hand to hand. Points are scored by grounding the ball behind the opponents' goal line (thereby scoring a try) or by kicking it between the two posts and over the crossbar of the opponents' goal.
rugged:(of ground or terrain) having a broken, rocky, and uneven surface.
rugs:A floor covering of thick woven material or animal skin, typically not extending over the entire floor.
ruin:Reduce (a building or place) to a state of decay, collapse, or disintegration.
ruination:The action or fact of ruining someone or something or of being ruined.
ruined:(of a building or place) reduced to a state of decay, collapse, or disintegration.
ruining:Reduce (a building or place) to a state of decay, collapse, or disintegration.
ruinous:Disastrous or destructive.
ruins:Reduce (a building or place) to a state of decay, collapse, or disintegration.
rule:Exercise ultimate power or authority over (an area and its people)
rulebook:The regulations or standards of behavior that should be followed in a particular job, organization, or sphere.
ruled:(of paper) marked with parallel straight lines.
ruler:A person exercising government or dominion.
rulers:A person exercising government or dominion.
rules:Exercise ultimate power or authority over (an area and its people)
ruling:An authoritative decision or pronouncement, especially one made by a judge.
rulings:An authoritative decision or pronouncement, especially one made by a judge.
rum:An alcoholic liquor distilled from sugar-cane residues or molasses.
rumba:A rhythmic dance with Spanish and African elements, originating in Cuba.
rumbas:Dance the rumba.
rumble:Make a continuous deep, resonant sound.
rumbled:Make a continuous deep, resonant sound.
rumbles:Make a continuous deep, resonant sound.
rumbling:A continuous deep, resonant sound.
rumbustious:Boisterous or unruly.
rumen:The first stomach of a ruminant, which receives food or cud from the esophagus, partly digests it with the aid of bacteria, and passes it to the reticulum.
ruminant:An even-toed ungulate mammal that chews the cud regurgitated from its rumen. The ruminants comprise the cattle, sheep, antelopes, deer, giraffes, and their relatives.
ruminants:An even-toed ungulate mammal that chews the cud regurgitated from its rumen. The ruminants comprise the cattle, sheep, antelopes, deer, giraffes, and their relatives.
ruminate:Think deeply about something.
ruminating:Think deeply about something.
rumination:A deep or considered thought about something.
ruminations:A deep or considered thought about something.
ruminative:Expressing or involving deep thought.
rummage:Search unsystematically and untidily through a mass or receptacle.
rummaging:Search unsystematically and untidily through something.
rummy:A card game, sometimes played with two decks, in which the players try to form sets and sequences of cards.
rumour:Be circulated as an unverified account.
rumours:Be circulated as an unverified account.
rump:The hind part of the body of a mammal or the lower back of a bird.
rumple:Give a creased, ruffled, or disheveled appearance to.
rumpled:Creased, ruffled, or disheveled in appearance.
rumps:The hind part of the body of a mammal or the lower back of a bird.
rumpus:A noisy disturbance; a commotion.
run:Move at a speed faster than a walk, never having both or all the feet on the ground at the same time.
runaway:A person who has run away, especially from their family or an institution.
rundown:An analysis or summary of something by a knowledgeable person.
rune:A letter of an ancient Germanic alphabet, related to the Roman alphabet.
runes:A letter of an ancient Germanic alphabet, related to the Roman alphabet.
rung:A horizontal support on a ladder for a person's foot.
runner:A person who runs, especially in a specified way.
runners:A person that runs, especially in a specified way.
running:The action or movement of a runner.
runny:Somewhat liquid; not firm.
runs:Move at a speed faster than a walk, never having both or all the feet on the ground at the same time.
runt:An animal that is smaller than average, especially the smallest in a litter.
runway:A leveled strip of smooth ground along which aircraft take off and land.
runways:A strip of hard ground along which aircraft take off and land.
rupee:The basic monetary unit of India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Mauritius, and the Seychelles, equal to 100 paise in India, Pakistan, and Nepal, and 100 cents in Sri Lanka, Mauritius, and the Seychelles.
rupees:The basic monetary unit of India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Mauritius, and the Seychelles, equal to 100 paise in India, Pakistan, and Nepal, and 100 cents in Sri Lanka, Mauritius, and the Seychelles.
rupture:(especially of a pipe, a vessel, or a bodily part such as an organ or membrane) break or burst suddenly.
ruptured:(especially of a pipe or container, or bodily part such as an organ or membrane) break or burst suddenly.
rural:In, relating to, or characteristic of the countryside rather than the town.
ruse:An action intended to deceive someone; a trick.
rush:Move with urgent haste.
rushed:Done or completed too hurriedly; hasty.
rushes:Move with urgent haste.
rushing:The action of moving with urgent haste.
rusk:A light, dry biscuit or piece of twice-baked bread, especially one prepared for use as baby food.
rusks:A light, dry biscuit or piece of twice-baked bread, especially one prepared for use as baby food.
russet:Make or become russet in color.
russia:A country in northern Asia and eastern Europe; population 143,500,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Moscow; language, Russian (official).
russian:A native or inhabitant of Russia, or a person of Russian descent.
rust:A reddish- or yellowish-brown flaky coating of iron oxide that is formed on iron or steel by oxidation, especially in the presence of moisture.
rusted:Be affected with rust.
rustic:An unsophisticated country person.
rusticate:Go to, live in, or spend time in the country.
rustics:An unsophisticated country person.
rustier:(of a metal object) affected by rust.
rusting:Becoming rusty.
rustle:Make a soft, muffled crackling sound like that caused by the movement of dry leaves or paper.
rustled:Make a soft, muffled crackling sound like that caused by the movement of dry leaves or paper.
rustler:A person who rounds up and steals cattle, horses, or sheep.
rustling:Make a soft, muffled crackling sound like that caused by the movement of dry leaves or paper.
rustproof:Make resistant to corrosion by rust.
rusts:Be affected with rust.
rusty:(of a metal object) affected by rust.
rut:A long, deep track made by the repeated passage of the wheels of vehicles.
ruth:A feeling of pity, distress, or grief.
ruthless:Having or showing no pity or compassion for others.
ruthlessly:Without pity or compassion for others.
ruthlessness:The quality of lacking pity or compassion for others.
ruts:A long, deep track made by the repeated passage of the wheels of vehicles.
rutted:Having long deep tracks made by the repeated passage of the wheels of vehicles.
rwanda:A landlocked country in central Africa, north of Burundi and south of Uganda; population 11,600,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Kigali; official languages, Kinyarwanda (a Bantu language), English, and French. Official name Rwandese Republic.
rye:A cereal plant that tolerates poor soils and low temperatures.
sabbath:A day of religious observance and abstinence from work, kept by Jewish people from Friday evening to Saturday evening, and by most Christians on Sunday.
sabbaths:A day of religious observance and abstinence from work, kept by Jewish people from Friday evening to Saturday evening, and by most Christians on Sunday.
sabbatical:A period of paid leave granted to a university teacher or other worker for study or travel, traditionally one year for every seven years worked.
sabbaticals:A period of paid leave granted to a university teacher or other worker for study or travel, traditionally one year for every seven years worked.
saber:Cut down or wound with a saber.
sable:A marten with a short tail and dark brown fur, native to Japan and Siberia and valued for its fur.
sables:A marten with a short tail and dark brown fur, native to Japan and Siberia and valued for its fur.
sabotage:Deliberately destroy, damage, or obstruct (something), especially for political or military advantage.
sabotaged:Deliberately destroy, damage, or obstruct (something), especially for political or military advantage.
sabotages:Deliberately destroy, damage, or obstruct (something), especially for political or military advantage.
sabotaging:Deliberately destroy, damage, or obstruct (something), especially for political or military advantage.
saboteur:A person who engages in sabotage.
saboteurs:A person who engages in sabotage.
sabra:A Jewish person born in Israel (or before 1948 in Palestine).
sabras:A Jewish person born in Israel (or before 1948 in Palestine).
sabre:Cut down or wound with a sabre.
sabres:Cut down or wound with a sabre.
sac:A hollow, flexible structure resembling a bag or pouch.
saccharin:A sweet-tasting synthetic compound used in food and drink as a substitute for sugar.
saccharine:Excessively sweet or sentimental.
sacerdotal:Relating to priests or the priesthood; priestly.
sachet:A small perfumed bag used to scent clothes.
sachets:A small sealed bag or packet containing a small quantity of something.
sack:Dismiss from employment.
sackcloth:A very coarse, rough fabric woven from flax or hemp.
sacked:Dismiss from employment.
sackful:The quantity of something held by a sack.
sackfuls:The quantity of something held by a sack.
sacking:An act of sacking someone or something.
sacks:Dismiss from employment.
sacral:Of, for, or relating to sacred rites or symbols.
sacrament:(in the Christian Church) a religious ceremony or ritual regarded as imparting divine grace, such as baptism, the Eucharist and (in the Roman Catholic and many Orthodox Churches) penance and the anointing of the sick.
sacramental:An observance analogous to but not reckoned among the sacraments, such as the use of holy water or the sign of the cross.
sacraments:(in the Christian Church) a religious ceremony or ritual regarded as imparting divine grace, such as baptism, the Eucharist and (in the Roman Catholic and many Orthodox Churches) penance and the anointing of the sick.
sacred:Connected with God (or the gods) or dedicated to a religious purpose and so deserving veneration.
sacrifice:Offer or kill as a religious sacrifice.
sacrificed:Offer or kill as a religious sacrifice.
sacrifices:Offer or kill as a religious sacrifice.
sacrificial:Relating to or constituting a sacrifice.
sacrificing:Offer or kill as a religious sacrifice.
sacrilege:Violation or misuse of what is regarded as sacred.
sacrilegious:Involving or committing sacrilege.
sacristy:A room in a church where a priest prepares for a service, and where vestments and other things used in worship are kept.
sacrosanct:(especially of a principle, place, or routine) regarded as too important or valuable to be interfered with.
sacrum:A triangular bone in the lower back formed from fused vertebrae and situated between the two hipbones of the pelvis.
sacs:A hollow, flexible structure resembling a bag or pouch.
sad:Feeling or showing sorrow; unhappy.
sadden:Cause to feel sorrow; make unhappy.
saddened:Cause to feel sorrow; make unhappy.
saddening:Cause to feel sorrow; make unhappy.
saddens:Cause to feel sorrow; make unhappy.
sadder:Feeling or showing sorrow; unhappy.
saddest:Feeling or showing sorrow; unhappy.
saddle:Put a saddle on (a horse)
saddlebag:Each of a pair of bags attached behind the saddle on a horse, bicycle, or motorcycle.
saddlebags:Each of a pair of bags attached behind the saddle on a horse, bicycle, or motorcycle.
saddled:Put a saddle on (a horse)
saddler:Someone who makes, repairs, or deals in saddlery.
saddlers:Someone who makes, repairs, or deals in saddlery.
saddles:Put a saddle on (a horse)
saddling:Put a saddle on (a horse)
sadism:The tendency to derive pleasure, especially sexual gratification, from inflicting pain, suffering, or humiliation on others.
sadist:A person who derives pleasure, especially sexual gratification, from inflicting pain or humiliation on others.
sadistic:Deriving pleasure from inflicting pain, suffering, or humiliation on others.
sadists:A person who derives pleasure, especially sexual gratification, from inflicting pain or humiliation on others.
sadly:Showing or feeling sadness.
sadness:The condition or quality of being sad.
sadomasochism:Psychological tendency or sexual practice characterized by both sadism and masochism.
sadomasochistic:Characterized by or deriving sexual gratification from both sadism and masochism.
safari:An expedition to observe or hunt animals in their natural habitat, especially in East Africa.
safaris:An expedition to observe or hunt animals in their natural habitat, especially in East Africa.
safe:A strong fireproof cabinet with a complex lock, used for the storage of valuables.
safeguard:Protect from harm or damage with an appropriate measure.
safeguarded:Protect from harm or damage with an appropriate measure.
safeguarding:Protect from harm or damage with an appropriate measure.
safeguards:Protect from harm or damage with an appropriate measure.
safely:In a way that gives protection from danger or risk.
safer:A strong fireproof cabinet with a complex lock, used for the storage of valuables.
safes:A strong fireproof cabinet with a complex lock, used for the storage of valuables.
safest:A strong fireproof cabinet with a complex lock, used for the storage of valuables.
safety:The condition of being protected from or unlikely to cause danger, risk, or injury.
saffron:An orange-yellow flavoring, food coloring, and dye made from the dried stigmas of a crocus.
sag:Sink, subside, or bulge downward under weight or pressure or through lack of strength.
saga:A long story of heroic achievement, especially a medieval prose narrative in Old Norse or Old Icelandic.
sagacious:Having or showing keen mental discernment and good judgment; shrewd.
sagacity:The quality of being sagacious.
sagas:A long story of heroic achievement, especially a medieval prose narrative in Old Norse or Old Icelandic.
sage:An aromatic plant with grayish-green leaves that are used as a culinary herb, native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean.
sagely:In a profoundly wise manner.
sages:An aromatic plant whose greyish-green leaves are used as a culinary herb, native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean.
sagged:Sink, subside, or bulge downwards under weight or pressure or through lack of strength.
sagging:Sinking or bulging downward under weight or pressure or through lack of strength.
sago:Edible starch which is obtained from a palm and is a staple food in parts of the tropics. The pith inside the trunk is scraped out, washed, and dried to produce a flour or processed to produce the granular sago used in the West.
sags:Sink, subside, or bulge downwards under weight or pressure or through lack of strength.
sahib:A polite title or form of address for a man.
said:past and past participle of say
saigon:official name (until 1975) of Ho Chi Minh City
sail:A piece of material extended on a mast to catch the wind and propel a boat or ship or other vessel.
sailcloth:Canvas or other material used for making sails.
sailed:(of a boat or ship) having a sail or sails of a specified kind.
sailer:A sailing ship or boat of specified power or manner of sailing.
sailing:The action of sailing in a ship or boat.
sailmaker:A person who makes, repairs, or alters sails as a profession.
sailor:A person whose job it is to work as a member of the crew of a commercial or naval ship or boat, especially one who is below the rank of officer.
sailors:A person whose job it is to work as a member of the crew of a commercial or naval ship or boat, especially one who is below the rank of officer.
sails:Travel in a boat with sails, especially as a sport or recreation.
saint:Formally recognize as a saint; canonize.
sainted:Regarded as worthy of sainthood; beyond reproach or very virtuous.
sainthood:The status of a saint.
saintlier:Very holy or virtuous.
saintliest:Very holy or virtuous.
saintliness:The quality or state of being saintly; holiness.
saintly:Very holy or virtuous.
saints:Formally recognize as a saint; canonize.
saipan:The largest of the islands that make up the Northern Marianas in the western Pacific Ocean.
sake:For the purpose of; in the interest of; in order to achieve or preserve.
sakes:For the purpose of; in the interest of; in order to achieve or preserve.
saki:A tropical American monkey with coarse fur and a long bushy nonprehensile tail.
salaam:A gesture of greeting or respect, with or without a spoken salutation, typically consisting of a low bow of the head and body with the hand or fingers touching the forehead.
salacious:Having or conveying undue or inappropriate interest in sexual matters.
salad:A cold dish of various mixtures of raw or cooked vegetables, usually seasoned with oil, vinegar, or other dressing and sometimes accompanied by meat, fish, or other ingredients.
salads:A cold dish of various mixtures of raw or cooked vegetables, usually seasoned with oil, vinegar, or other dressing and sometimes accompanied by meat, fish, or other ingredients.
salamander:A lizard-like amphibian with an elongated body and tail and short limbs, once thought able to endure fire.
salamanders:A lizard-like amphibian with an elongated body and tail and short limbs, once thought able to endure fire.
salami:A type of highly seasoned sausage, originally from Italy, usually eaten cold in slices.
salamis:An island in the Saronic Gulf in Greece, to the west of Athens.
salaried:Receiving or recompensed by a salary rather than a wage.
salaries:Pay a salary to.
salary:Pay a salary to.
sale:The exchange of a commodity for money; the action of selling something.
saleable:Fit or able to be sold.
salem:An industrial city in Tamil Nadu in southern India; population 872,400 (est. 2009).
sales:The exchange of a commodity for money; the action of selling something.
salesgirl:A female salesclerk.
salesman:A man whose job involves selling or promoting commercial products, either in a store or visiting locations to get orders.
salesmanship:The skills and methods used in selling or promoting commercial products.
salesmen:A man whose job involves selling or promoting commercial products, either in a shop or visiting locations to get orders.
salespeople:A salesman or saleswoman (used as a neutral alternative).
salesperson:A salesman or saleswoman (used as a neutral alternative).
saleswoman:A woman whose job involves selling or promoting commercial products.
salience:The quality of being particularly noticeable or important; prominence.
salient:A piece of land or section of fortification that juts out to form an angle.
saline:A solution of salt in water.
salinity:The quality or degree of being saline.
saliva:Watery liquid secreted into the mouth by glands, providing lubrication for chewing and swallowing, and aiding digestion.
salivary:Relating to or secreting saliva.
salivate:Secrete saliva, especially in anticipation of food.
salivating:Secrete saliva, especially in anticipation of food.
sallied:Make a military sortie.
sallies:Make a military sortie.
sallow:(of a person's face or complexion) of an unhealthy yellow or pale brown color.
sally:Make a military sortie.
sallying:Make a military sortie.
salmon:A large edible fish that is a popular game fish, much prized for its pink flesh. Salmon mature in the sea but migrate to freshwater streams to spawn.
salmonella:A bacterium that occurs mainly in the intestine, especially a serotype causing food poisoning.
salome:(in the New Testament) the daughter of Herodias, who danced before her stepfather Herod Antipas. Given a choice of reward for her dancing, she asked for the head of St. John the Baptist and thus caused him to be beheaded.
salon:An establishment where a hairdresser, beautician, or couturier conducts business.
salons:An establishment where a hairdresser, beautician, or couturier conducts trade.
saloon:A public room or building used for a specified purpose.
salsa:A type of Latin American dance music incorporating elements of jazz and rock.
salt:Season or preserve with salt.
salted:Having salt as an ingredient; containing or seasoned with salt.
salts:Season or preserve with salt.
saltwater:Of or found in salt water; living in the sea.
salty:Tasting of, containing, or preserved with salt.
salubrious:Health-giving; healthy.
salutary:(especially with reference to something unwelcome or unpleasant) producing good effects; beneficial.
salutation:A gesture or utterance made as a greeting or acknowledgment of another's arrival or departure.
salutations:A gesture or utterance made as a greeting or acknowledgement of another's arrival or departure.
salute:Make a formal salute to.
saluted:Make a formal salute to.
salutes:Make a formal salute to.
saluting:Make a formal salute to.
salvage:Rescue (a wrecked or disabled ship or its cargo) from loss at sea.
salvages:Rescue (a wrecked or disabled ship or its cargo) from loss at sea.
salvation:Preservation or deliverance from harm, ruin, or loss.
salve:Soothe (wounded pride or one's conscience)
salved:Soothe (wounded pride or one's conscience)
salver:A tray, typically one made of silver and used in formal circumstances.
salvo:A simultaneous discharge of artillery or other guns in a battle.
sam:Surface-to-air missile.
samba:A Brazilian dance of African origin.
same:Similarly; in the same way.
sameness:Lack of variety; uniformity or monotony.
samoa:A group of islands in Polynesia, divided between American Samoa and the nation of Samoa.
samovar:A highly decorated tea urn used in Russia.
sampan:A small boat of a kind used in East Asia, typically with an oar or oars at the stern.
sample:Take a sample or samples of (something) for analysis.
sampled:Take a sample or samples of (something) for analysis.
sampler:A piece of embroidery worked in various stitches as a specimen of skill, typically containing the alphabet and some mottoes.
samples:Take a sample or samples of (something) for analysis.
sampling:The action or process of taking samples of something for analysis.
samurai:A member of a powerful military caste in feudal Japan, especially a member of the class of military retainers of the daimyos.
san:A member of the aboriginal peoples of southern Africa commonly called Bushmen.
sanatorium:An establishment for the medical treatment of people who are convalescing or have a chronic illness.
sanctification:The action of making or declaring something holy.
sanctified:Set apart as or declare holy; consecrate.
sanctify:Set apart as or declare holy; consecrate.
sanctifying:Set apart as or declare holy; consecrate.
sanctimonious:Making a show of being morally superior to other people.
sanction:Give official permission or approval for (an action)
sanctioned:Give official permission or approval for (an action)
sanctioning:Give official permission or approval for (an action)
sanctions:Give official permission or approval for (an action)
sanctity:The state or quality of being holy, sacred, or saintly.
sanctuaries:Refuge or safety from pursuit, persecution, or other danger.
sanctuary:A place of refuge or safety.
sanctum:A sacred place, especially a shrine within a temple or church.
sand:Smooth or polish with sandpaper or a mechanical sander.
sandal:A light shoe with either an openwork upper or straps attaching the sole to the foot.
sandals:A light shoe with either an openwork upper or straps attaching the sole to the foot.
sandalwood:A widely cultivated Indian tree that yields fragrant timber and oil.A perfume or incense derived from the sandalwood.Used in names of trees which yield timber similar to that of the sandalwood, e.g. red sandalwood.
sandbag:Barricade using sandbags.
sandbank:A deposit of sand forming a shallow area in the sea or a river.
sandcastle:A model of a castle built out of sand, typically by children.
sanded:Smooth or polish with sandpaper or a mechanical sander.
sander:A power tool used for smoothing a surface with sandpaper or other abrasive material.
sanding:The process of smoothing or polishing a surface with sandpaper or a mechanical sander.
sandman:A fictional man supposed to make children sleep by sprinkling sand in their eyes.
sandpaper:Smooth with sandpaper.
sandpit:A quarry from which sand is excavated.
sands:Smooth or polish with sandpaper or a mechanical sander.
sandstone:Sedimentary rock consisting of sand or quartz grains cemented together, typically red, yellow, or brown in color.
sandwich:Insert or squeeze (someone or something) between two other people or things, typically in a restricted space or so as to be uncomfortable.
sandwiches:Insert or squeeze (someone or something) between two other people or things, typically in a restricted space or so as to be uncomfortable.
sandy:A light, crumbly cookie, typically made with chopped pecans.
sane:(of a person) of sound mind; not mad or mentally ill.
saner:(of a person) of sound mind; not mad or mentally ill.
sanest:(of a person) of sound mind; not mad or mentally ill.
sang:Make musical sounds with the voice, especially words with a set tune.
sanguine:A blood-red color.
sanitary:Relating to the conditions that affect hygiene and health, especially the supply of sewage facilities and clean drinking water.
sanitation:Conditions relating to public health, especially the provision of clean drinking water and adequate sewage disposal.
sanitise:Make clean and hygienic; disinfect.
sanity:The ability to think and behave in a normal and rational manner; sound mental health.
sank:Go down below the surface of something, especially of a liquid; become submerged.
sanserif:A style of type without serifs.
sanskrit:An ancient Indo-European language of India, in which the Hindu scriptures and classical Indian epic poems are written and from which many northern Indian (Indic) languages are derived.
santiago:The capital of Chile, west of the Andes, in the central part of the country; population 4,985,900 (est. 2008).
sap:Gradually weaken or destroy (a person's strength or power)
sapient:A human of the species Homo sapiens.
sapling:A young tree, especially one with a slender trunk.
saplings:A young tree, especially one with a slender trunk.
sapped:Gradually weaken or destroy (a person's strength or power)
sapper:A soldier responsible for tasks such as building and repairing roads and bridges, laying and clearing mines, etc.
sapphire:A transparent precious stone, typically blue, that is a variety of corundum (aluminum oxide)
sapphires:A transparent precious stone, typically blue, which is a variety of corundum (aluminium oxide)
sapping:Gradually weaken or destroy (a person's strength or power)
saps:Gradually weaken or destroy (a person's strength or power)
sarcasm:The use of irony to mock or convey contempt.
sarcastic:Marked by or given to using irony in order to mock or convey contempt.
sarcastically:In an ironic way intended to mock or convey contempt.
sarcoma:A malignant tumor of connective or other nonepithelial tissue.
sarcophagi:A stone coffin, typically adorned with a sculpture or inscription and associated with the ancient civilizations of Egypt, Rome, and Greece.
sarcophagus:A stone coffin, typically adorned with a sculpture or inscription and associated with the ancient civilizations of Egypt, Rome, and Greece.
sardine:Pack closely together.
sardines:Pack closely together.
sardonic:Grimly mocking or cynical.
sarge:Sergeant.
sari:A garment consisting of a length of cotton or silk elaborately draped around the body, traditionally worn by women from South Asia.
saris:A garment consisting of a length of cotton or silk elaborately draped around the body, traditionally worn by women from South Asia.
sarong:A garment consisting of a long piece of cloth worn wrapped round the body and tucked at the waist or under the armpits, traditionally worn in Southeast Asia and now also by women in the West.
sartorial:Relating to tailoring, clothes, or style of dress.
sash:A long strip or loop of cloth worn over one shoulder or around the waist, especially as part of a uniform or official dress.
sashes:A long strip or loop of cloth worn over one shoulder or round the waist, especially as part of a uniform or official dress.
satan:The Devil; Lucifer.
satanic:Of or characteristic of Satan.
satchel:A bag carried on the shoulder by a long strap and typically closed by a flap.
sated:Satisfy (a desire or an appetite) to the full.
satellite:An artificial body placed in orbit around the earth or moon or another planet in order to collect information or for communication.Transmitted by satellite; using or relating to satellite technology.Satellite television.
satellites:An artificial body placed in orbit round the earth or moon or another planet in order to collect information or for communication.Transmitted by satellite; using or relating to satellite technology.Satellite television.
satiate:Satisfied to the full; satiated.
satiated:Satisfied to the full; sated.
satin:A smooth, glossy fabric, usually of silk, produced by a weave in which the threads of the warp are caught and looped by the weft only at certain intervals.
sating:Satisfy (a desire or an appetite) to the full.
satiny:Having a smooth, glossy surface or finish like that of satin.
satire:The use of humor, irony, exaggeration, or ridicule to expose and criticize people's stupidity or vices, particularly in the context of contemporary politics and other topical issues.
satirical:Containing or using satire.
satirist:A writer or user of satire.
satisfaction:Fulfillment of one's wishes, expectations, or needs, or the pleasure derived from this.
satisfactorily:In a way that fulfills expectations or needs; acceptably.
satisfactory:Fulfilling expectations or needs; acceptable, though not outstanding or perfect.
satisfied:Contented; pleased.
satisfies:Meet the expectations, needs, or desires of (someone)
satisfy:Meet the expectations, needs, or desires of (someone)
satisfying:Giving fulfillment or the pleasure associated with this.
satisfyingly:In a way that gives fulfillment or the pleasure associated with this.
satrap:A provincial governor in the ancient Persian empire.
saturate:Cause (something) to become thoroughly soaked with liquid so that no more can be absorbed.
saturated:Holding as much water or moisture as can be absorbed; thoroughly soaked.
saturation:The state or process that occurs when no more of something can be absorbed, combined with, or added.
saturday:On Saturday.
saturn:The sixth planet from the sun in the solar system, circled by a system of broad flat rings.
saturnalia:The ancient Roman festival of Saturn in December, which was a period of general merrymaking and was the predecessor of Christmas.
saturnine:(of a person or their manner) slow and gloomy.
satyr:One of a class of lustful, drunken woodland gods. In Greek art they were represented as a man with a horse's ears and tail, but in Roman representations as a man with a goat's ears, tail, legs, and horns.
satyrs:One of a class of lustful, drunken woodland gods. In Greek art they were represented as a man with a horse's ears and tail, but in Roman representations as a man with a goat's ears, tail, legs, and horns.
sauce:Provide a sauce for (something); season with a sauce.
saucepan:A deep cooking pan, typically round, made of metal, and with one long handle and a lid.
saucer:A shallow dish, typically having a circular indentation in the center, on which a cup is placed.
saucers:A shallow dish, typically having a circular indentation in the centre, on which a cup is placed.
sauces:Provide a sauce for (something); season with a sauce.
saucy:Impudent; flippant.
saudi:A citizen of Saudi Arabia, or a member of its ruling dynasty.
saudis:A citizen of Saudi Arabia, or a member of its ruling dynasty.
sauerkraut:Chopped cabbage that has been pickled in brine.
sauna:A small room used as a hot-air or steam bath for cleaning and refreshing the body.
saunas:A small room used as a hot-air or steam bath for cleaning and refreshing the body.
saunter:Walk in a slow, relaxed manner, without hurry or effort.
sauntered:Walk in a slow, relaxed manner.
sauntering:Walk in a slow, relaxed manner.
saunters:Walk in a slow, relaxed manner.
sausage:An item of food in the form of a cylindrical length of minced pork or other meat encased in a skin, typically sold raw to be grilled or fried before eating.
sausages:An item of food in the form of a cylindrical length of minced pork or other meat encased in a skin, typically sold raw to be grilled or fried before eating.
saute:Fry quickly in a little hot fat.
savage:(especially of a dog or wild animal) attack ferociously and maul.
savaged:(especially of a dog or wild animal) attack ferociously and maul.
savagely:In a fierce, violent, and uncontrolled manner.
savagery:The quality of being fierce or cruel.
savages:(especially of a dog or wild animal) attack ferociously and maul.
savaging:(especially of a dog or wild animal) attack ferociously and maul.
savanna:A grassy plain in tropical and subtropical regions, with few trees.
savannah:A port in Georgia, just south of the border with South Carolina, on the Savannah River close to its outlet on the Atlantic; population 132,410 (est. 2008).
savant:A learned person, especially a distinguished scientist.
save:Keep safe or rescue (someone or something) from harm or danger.
saved:Keep safe or rescue (someone or something) from harm or danger.
saver:A person who regularly saves money through a bank or investment plan.
saves:Keep safe or rescue (someone or something) from harm or danger.
saving:With the exception of; except.
savings:With the exception of; except.
saviour:A person who saves someone or something from danger or difficulty.
savour:Taste (good food or drink) and enjoy it to the full.
savouring:Taste (good food or drink) and enjoy it to the full.
savoury:A savoury dish, especially a snack or appetizer.
savvy:Know or understand.
saw:Cut (something) using a saw.
sawdust:Powdery particles of wood produced by sawing.
sawed:Cut (something) using a saw.
sawing:Cut (something) using a saw.
sawmill:A factory in which logs are sawed into lumber by machine.
sawn:Cut (something) using a saw.
saws:Cut (something) using a saw.
sawtooth:Shaped like the teeth of a saw with alternate steep and gentle slopes.
sawyer:A person who saws timber for a living.
saxon:A member of a Germanic people that inhabited parts of central and northern Germany from Roman times, many of whom conquered and settled in southern England in the 5th–6th centuries.
saxophone:A member of a family of metal wind instruments with a single-reed mouthpiece, used especially in jazz and dance music.
saxophonist:A person who plays the saxophone.
say:Utter words so as to convey information, an opinion, a feeling or intention, or an instruction.
saying:A short, pithy expression that generally contains advice or wisdom.
sayings:A short, pithy, commonly known expression which generally offers advice or wisdom.
says:Utter words so as to convey information, an opinion, a feeling or intention, or an instruction.
scab:Become encrusted or covered with a scab or scabs.
scabbard:A sheath for the blade of a sword or dagger, typically made of leather or metal.
scabbards:A sheath for the blade of a sword or dagger, typically made of leather or metal.
scabbed:(of a part of the body) having or covered in scabs.
scabby:Covered in scabs.
scabies:A contagious skin disease marked by itching and small raised red spots, caused by the itch mite.
scabs:Become encrusted or covered with a scab or scabs.
scaffold:Attach scaffolding to (a building)
scaffolding:A temporary structure on the outside of a building, made usually of wooden planks and metal poles, used by workers while building, repairing, or cleaning the building.
scalability:The capacity to be changed in size or scale.
scalable:Able to be scaled or climbed.
scalar:A scalar quantity.
scalars:A scalar quantity.
scald:Injure with very hot liquid or steam.
scalding:Very hot; burning.
scalds:Injure with very hot liquid or steam.
scale:Remove scale or scales from.
scaled:Covered with or made up of scales or overlapping plates resembling scales.
scales:Remove scale or scales from.
scaling:The removal of the scales from something.
scallop:Ornament (an edge or material) with scallops.
scalloped:Having a decorative border in the form of a series of rounded projections resembling the edge of a scallop shell.
scalp:Take the scalp of (an enemy) as a battle trophy.
scalpel:A knife with a small, sharp, sometimes detachable blade, as used by a surgeon.
scalping:Take the scalp of (an enemy) as a battle trophy.
scalps:Take the scalp of (an enemy) as a battle trophy.
scaly:Covered in scales.
scam:Swindle.
scamp:A person, especially a child, who is mischievous in a likable or amusing way.
scamper:(especially of a small animal or child) run with quick light steps, especially through fear or excitement.
scampered:(especially of a small animal or child) run with quick light steps, especially through fear or excitement.
scampi:Large shrimp or prawns, especially when prepared or cooked.
scams:Swindle.
scan:Look at all parts of (something) carefully in order to detect some feature.
scandal:An action or event regarded as morally or legally wrong and causing general public outrage.
scandalise:Shock or horrify (someone) by a real or imagined violation of propriety or morality.
scandalous:Causing general public outrage by a perceived offense against morality or law.
scandals:An action or event regarded as morally or legally wrong and causing general public outrage.
scanned:Look at all parts of (something) carefully in order to detect some feature.
scanner:A device for examining, reading, or monitoring something.
scanners:A device for examining, reading, or monitoring something.
scanning:Look at all parts of (something) carefully in order to detect some feature.
scans:Look at all parts of (something) carefully in order to detect some feature.
scansion:The action of scanning a line of verse to determine its rhythm.
scant:Provide grudgingly or in insufficient amounts.
scantily:In a way that is small or insufficient in quantity or amount.
scantiness:The quality of being small or insufficient in quantity or amount.
scanty:Small or insufficient in quantity or amount.
scape:A long, leafless flower stalk coming directly from a root.
scapegoat:Make a scapegoat of.
scapegoats:Make a scapegoat of.
scar:Mark with a scar or scars.
scarab:A large dung beetle of the eastern Mediterranean area, regarded as sacred in ancient Egypt.An ancient Egyptian gem cut in the form of a scarab beetle, sometimes depicted with the wings spread, and engraved with hieroglyphs on the flat underside.Any scarabaeid beetle.
scarce:Scarcely.
scarcely:Only just; almost not.
scarcer:Scarcely.
scarcity:The state of being scarce or in short supply; shortage.
scare:Cause great fear or nervousness in; frighten.
scarecrow:An object made to resemble a human figure, set up to scare birds away from a field where crops are growing.
scared:Fearful; frightened.
scaremonger:A person who spreads frightening or ominous reports or rumors.
scaremongering:The spreading of frightening or ominous reports or rumors.
scares:Cause great fear or nervousness in; frighten.
scarf:A length or square of fabric worn around the neck or head.
scarfs:A length or square of fabric worn around the neck or head.
scarier:Frightening; causing fear.
scariest:Frightening; causing fear.
scarified:Cut and remove debris from (a lawn) with a scarifier.
scarify:Cut and remove debris from (a lawn) with a scarifier.
scarifying:Frightening.
scarily:In a way that causes fear or alarm.
scaring:Mark with a scar or scars.
scarlet:A brilliant red color.
scarp:Cut or erode (a slope or hillside) so that it becomes steep, perpendicular, or precipitous.
scarred:Mark with a scar or scars.
scarring:Mark with a scar or scars.
scars:Mark with a scar or scars.
scarves:A length or square of fabric worn around the neck or head.
scary:Frightening; causing fear.
scat:Go away; leave.
scathe:Harm; injure.
scathed:Harm; injure.
scathing:Witheringly scornful; severely critical.
scatological:Relating to or characterized by an interest in excrement and excretion.
scatter:Throw in various random directions.
scattered:Occurring or found at intervals or various locations rather than all together.
scattering:An act of scattering something.
scatterings:An act of scattering something.
scatters:Throw in various random directions.
scavenge:Search for and collect (anything usable) from discarded waste.
scavenged:Search for and collect (anything usable) from discarded waste.
scavenger:An animal that feeds on carrion, dead plant material, or refuse.
scavengers:An animal that feeds on carrion, dead plant material, or refuse.
scavenging:Search for and collect (anything usable) from discarded waste.
scenario:A written outline of a movie, novel, or stage work giving details of the plot and individual scenes.
scene:The place where an incident in real life or fiction occurs or occurred.
scenery:The natural features of a landscape considered in terms of their appearance, especially when picturesque.
scenes:The place where an incident in real life or fiction occurs or occurred.
scenic:Providing or relating to views of impressive or beautiful natural scenery.
scent:Impart a pleasant scent to.
scented:Having a pleasant scent.
scenting:Impart a pleasant scent to.
scents:Impart a pleasant scent to.
sceptic:A person inclined to question or doubt accepted opinions.
sceptical:Not easily convinced; having doubts or reservations.
sceptically:In a sceptical manner; with doubt or hesitation.
scepticism:A sceptical attitude; doubt as to the truth of something.
sceptics:A person inclined to question or doubt accepted opinions.
sceptre:An ornamented staff carried by rulers on ceremonial occasions as a symbol of sovereignty.
sceptres:An ornamented staff carried by rulers on ceremonial occasions as a symbol of sovereignty.
schedule:Arrange or plan (an event) to take place at a particular time.
scheduled:Included in or planned according to a schedule.
scheduler:A person or machine that organizes or maintains schedules.
schedulers:A person or machine that organizes or maintains schedules.
schedules:Arrange or plan (an event) to take place at a particular time.
scheduling:Arrange or plan (an event) to take place at a particular time.
schema:A representation of a plan or theory in the form of an outline or model.
schemas:A representation of a plan or theory in the form of an outline or model.
schemata:A representation of a plan or theory in the form of an outline or model.
schematic:(in technical contexts) a schematic diagram, in particular of an electric or electronic circuit.
schematics:(in technical contexts) a schematic diagram, in particular of an electric or electronic circuit.
scheme:A large-scale systematic plan or arrangement for attaining a particular object or putting a particular idea into effect.
schemed:Make plans, especially in a devious way or with intent to do something illegal or wrong.
schemer:A person who is involved in making secret or underhanded plans.
schemes:Make plans, especially in a devious way or with intent to do something illegal or wrong.
scheming:The activity or practice of making secret or underhanded plans.
scherzi:A vigorous, light, or playful composition, typically comprising a movement in a symphony or sonata.
scherzo:A vigorous, light, or playful composition, typically comprising a movement in a symphony or sonata.
schism:A split or division between strongly opposed sections or parties, caused by differences in opinion or belief.
schismatic:(especially in the Christian Church) a person who promotes schism; an adherent of a schismatic group.
schismatics:(especially in the Christian Church) a person who promotes schism; an adherent of a schismatic group.
schisms:A split or division between strongly opposed sections or parties, caused by differences in opinion or belief.
schist:A coarse-grained metamorphic rock which consists of layers of different minerals and can be split into thin irregular plates.
schists:A coarse-grained metamorphic rock which consists of layers of different minerals and can be split into thin irregular plates.
schizoid:A schizoid person.
schizophrenia:A long-term mental disorder of a type involving a breakdown in the relation between thought, emotion, and behavior, leading to faulty perception, inappropriate actions and feelings, withdrawal from reality and personal relationships into fantasy and delusion, and a sense of mental fragmentation.
schizophrenic:A person with schizophrenia.
schizophrenics:A person with schizophrenia.
schmalz:Excessive sentimentality, especially in music or films.
schnapps:A strong alcoholic drink resembling gin and often flavored with fruit.
scholar:A specialist in a particular branch of study, especially the humanities; a distinguished academic.
scholarly:Involving or relating to serious academic study.
scholars:A specialist in a particular branch of study, especially the humanities.
scholarship:Academic study or achievement; learning of a high level.
scholarships:Academic study or achievement; learning at a high level.
scholastic:An adherent of scholasticism; a schoolman.
scholasticism:The system of theology and philosophy taught in medieval European universities, based on Aristotelian logic and the writings of the early Church Fathers and having a strong emphasis on tradition and dogma.
school:Send to school; educate.
schoolboy:A boy attending school.
schoolboys:A boy attending school.
schoolchild:A child attending school.
schoolchildren:A child attending school.
schooldays:The period in someone's life when they attended school.
schooled:Educated or trained in a specified activity or in a particular way.
schoolgirl:A girl attending school.
schoolgirls:A girl attending school.
schoolhouse:A building used as a school, especially in a small community or village.
schooling:Education or training received, especially at school.
schoolmaster:A male teacher in a school.
schoolmasters:A male teacher in a school.
schoolmates:A person who attends or attended the same school as oneself.
schoolmistress:A female teacher in a school.
schoolroom:A room in which a class of students is taught.
schools:Send to school; educate.
schoolteacher:A person who teaches in a school.
schoolteachers:A person who teaches in a school.
schooner:A sailing ship with two or more masts, typically with the foremast smaller than the mainmast, and having gaff-rigged lower masts.
schooners:A sailing ship with two or more masts, typically with the foremast smaller than the mainmast.
schwa:The unstressed central vowel (as in a moment ago), represented by the symbol /ə/ in the International Phonetic Alphabet.
schwas:The unstressed central vowel (as in a moment ago), represented by the symbol /ə/ in the International Phonetic Alphabet.
sciatica:Pain affecting the back, hip, and outer side of the leg, caused by compression of a spinal nerve root in the lower back, often owing to degeneration of an intervertebral disk.
science:The intellectual and practical activity encompassing the systematic study of the structure and behaviour of the physical and natural world through observation and experiment.
sciences:The intellectual and practical activity encompassing the systematic study of the structure and behaviour of the physical and natural world through observation and experiment.
scientific:Based on or characterized by the methods and principles of science.
scientifically:By means of scientific methods and principles.
scientist:A person who is studying or has expert knowledge of one or more of the natural or physical sciences.
scientists:A person who is studying or has expert knowledge of one or more of the natural or physical sciences.
scimitar:A short sword with a curved blade that broadens toward the point, used originally in Eastern countries.
scimitars:A short sword with a curved blade that broadens towards the point, used originally in Eastern countries.
scintigraphy:A technique in which a scintillation counter or similar detector is used with a radioactive tracer to obtain an image of a bodily organ or a record of its functioning.
scintillate:Emit flashes of light; sparkle.
scintillated:Emit flashes of light; sparkle.
scintillating:Sparkling or shining brightly.
scintillation:A flash or sparkle of light.
scintillations:A flash or sparkle of light.
scintillator:A material that fluoresces when struck by a charged particle or high-energy photon.
scintillators:A material that fluoresces when struck by a charged particle or high-energy photon.
scissor:Cut (something) with scissors.
scissored:Cut (something) with scissors.
scissors:An instrument used for cutting cloth, paper, and other thin material, consisting of two blades laid one on top of the other and fastened in the middle so as to allow them to be opened and closed by a thumb and finger inserted through rings on the end of their handles.
sclerosis:Abnormal hardening of body tissue.
scoff:Speak to someone or about something in a scornfully derisive or mocking way.
scoffed:Speak to someone or about something in a scornfully derisive or mocking way.
scoffing:Contemptuous ridicule or mockery.
scold:Remonstrate with or rebuke (someone) angrily.
scolded:Remonstrate with or rebuke (someone) angrily.
scolding:An angry rebuke or reprimand.
scolds:Remonstrate with or rebuke (someone) angrily.
scone:A small unsweetened or lightly sweetened biscuit-like cake made from flour, fat, and milk and sometimes having added fruit.
scones:A small unsweetened or lightly sweetened cake made from flour, fat, and milk and sometimes having added fruit.
scoop:Pick up and move (something) with a scoop.
scooped:Pick up and move (something) with a scoop.
scooping:Pick up and move (something) with a scoop.
scoops:Pick up and move (something) with a scoop.
scoot:Go or leave somewhere quickly.
scooter:A light two-wheeled open motor vehicle on which the driver sits over an enclosed engine with legs together and feet resting on a floorboard.Any small, light, vehicle able to travel quickly across water, ice, or snow.
scooters:Travel or ride on a scooter.
scooting:Go or leave somewhere quickly.
scoots:Go or leave somewhere quickly.
scope:Assess or investigate (something)
scopes:Assess or investigate something.
scorch:Burn the surface of (something) with flame or heat.
scorched:Burned by flames or heat.
scorcher:A day or period of very hot weather.
scorches:Burn the surface of (something) with flame or heat.
scorching:Very hot.
score:Gain (a point, goal, run, etc.) in a competitive game.
scoreboard:A large board on which the score in a game or match is displayed.
scoreboards:A large board on which the score in a game or match is displayed.
scorecards:(in sport) a card, sheet, or book in which scores are entered.(in business) a statistical record used to measure achievement or progress towards a particular goal.
scored:Gain (a point, goal, run, etc.) in a competitive game.
scoreless:Denoting a game or match in which no goals, points, or runs are scored.
scoreline:The number of points or goals scored in a match; the score.
scorer:A person who scores goals, points, etc. in a game.
scorers:A person who scores goals, points, etc. in a game.
scores:Gain (a point, goal, run, etc.) in a competitive game.
scoring:Gain (a point, goal, run, etc.) in a competitive game.
scorn:Feel or express contempt or derision for.
scorned:Feel or express contempt or disdain for.
scornful:Feeling or expressing contempt or derision.
scorning:Feel or express contempt or disdain for.
scorns:Feel or express contempt or disdain for.
scorpion:A terrestrial arachnid with pincers similar to those of a lobster and a venomous sting at the end of its jointed tail, which it can hold curved over its back. Most kinds live in tropical and subtropical areas.
scorpions:A terrestrial arachnid with pincers similar to those of a lobster and a venomous sting at the end of its jointed tail, which it can hold curved over its back. Most kinds live in tropical and subtropical areas.
scot:A payment corresponding to a modern tax, rate, or other assessed contribution.
scotch:Decisively put an end to.
scotched:Decisively put an end to.
scotches:Decisively put an end to.
scotland:A country in northern Great Britain and the United Kingdom; population 5,169,000 (est. 2008); capital, Edinburgh; languages, English (official) and the Scottish form of Gaelic.
scots:The form of English used in Scotland.
scotsman:A male native or inhabitant of Scotland, or a man of Scottish descent.
scottish:The people of Scotland.
scoundrel:A dishonest or unscrupulous person; a rogue.
scoundrels:A dishonest or unscrupulous person; a rogue.
scour:Clean or brighten the surface of (something) by rubbing it hard, typically with an abrasive or detergent.
scoured:Clean or brighten the surface of (something) by rubbing it hard, typically with an abrasive or detergent.
scourge:Whip (someone) as a punishment.
scourged:Whip (someone) as a punishment.
scourges:Whip (someone) as a punishment.
scourging:Whip (someone) as a punishment.
scouring:Clean or brighten the surface of (something) by rubbing it hard, typically with an abrasive or detergent.
scours:Clean or brighten the surface of (something) by rubbing it hard, typically with an abrasive or detergent.
scout:A soldier or other person sent out ahead of a main force so as to gather information about the enemy's position, strength, or movements.
scouted:Make a search for someone or something in various places.
scouting:The action of gathering information about enemy forces or an area.
scoutmaster:The adult in charge of a group of Boy Scouts.
scoutmasters:A man in charge of a group of Scouts (in 1964 replaced in official use by Scout leader).
scouts:Make a search for someone or something in various places.
scowl:An angry or bad-tempered expression.
scowled:Frown in an angry or bad-tempered way.
scowling:Frown in an angry or bad-tempered way.
scowls:Frown in an angry or bad-tempered way.
scrabble:Scratch or grope around with one's fingers to find, collect, or hold on to something.
scrabbled:Scratch or grope around with one's fingers to find, collect, or hold on to something.
scrabbling:Scratch or grope around with one's fingers to find, collect, or hold on to something.
scram:Leave or go away from a place quickly.
scramble:Make one's way quickly or awkwardly up a steep slope or over rough ground by using one's hands as well as one's feet.
scrambled:Make one's way quickly or awkwardly up a steep gradient or over rough ground by using one's hands as well as one's feet.
scrambler:A person or thing that scrambles, especially a device for scrambling a broadcast transmission, a telephone message, or electronic data.
scramblers:A device for scrambling a broadcast transmission or telephone conversation.
scrambles:Make one's way quickly or awkwardly up a steep gradient or over rough ground by using one's hands as well as one's feet.
scrambling:The action of scrambling up or over rough or steep ground, especially as a leisure activity.
scrams:Leave or go away from a place quickly.
scrap:Discard or remove from service (a retired, old, or inoperative vehicle, vessel, or machine), especially so as to convert it to scrap metal.
scrapbook:A book of blank pages for sticking clippings, drawings, or pictures in.
scrapbooks:A book of blank pages for sticking cuttings, drawings, or pictures in.
scrape:Push or pull a hard or sharp implement across (a surface or object) so as to remove dirt or other matter.
scraped:Drag or pull a hard or sharp implement across (a surface or object) so as to remove dirt or other matter.
scraper:A tool or device used for scraping, especially for removing dirt, paint, ice, or other unwanted matter from a surface.
scrapers:A tool or device used for scraping, especially for removing dirt, paint, or other unwanted matter from a surface.
scrapes:Drag or pull a hard or sharp implement across (a surface or object) so as to remove dirt or other matter.
scrapie:A disease of sheep involving the central nervous system, characterized by a lack of coordination causing affected animals to rub against trees and other objects for support, and thought to be caused by a virus-like agent such as a prion.
scraping:The action or sound of something scraping or being scraped.
scrapped:Discard or remove from service (a redundant, old, or inoperative vehicle, vessel, or machine), especially so as to convert it to scrap metal.
scrappier:Consisting of disorganized, untidy, or incomplete parts.
scrappiest:Consisting of disorganized, untidy, or incomplete parts.
scrapping:Discard or remove from service (a redundant, old, or inoperative vehicle, vessel, or machine), especially so as to convert it to scrap metal.
scrappy:Consisting of disorganized, untidy, or incomplete parts.
scraps:Discard or remove from service (a redundant, old, or inoperative vehicle, vessel, or machine), especially so as to convert it to scrap metal.
scrapyard:A place where scrap is collected before being recycled or discarded; a junkyard.
scrapyards:A place where scrap is collected before being recycled or discarded.
scratch:Score or mark the surface of (something) with a sharp or pointed object.
scratched:Score or mark the surface of (something) with a sharp or pointed object.
scratches:Score or mark the surface of (something) with a sharp or pointed object.
scratchier:(especially of a fabric or garment) having a rough, uncomfortable texture and tending to cause itching or discomfort.
scratchiest:(especially of a fabric or garment) having a rough, uncomfortable texture and tending to cause itching or discomfort.
scratching:The action or fact of marking a surface with a sharp or pointed object.
scratchings:Crisp pieces of pork fat left after rendering lard, eaten as a snack.
scratchy:(especially of a fabric or garment) having a rough, uncomfortable texture and tending to cause itching or discomfort.
scrawl:Write (something) in a hurried, careless way.
scrawled:Write (something) in a hurried, careless way.
scrawling:Write (something) in a hurried, careless way.
scrawls:Write (something) in a hurried, careless way.
scrawnier:(of a person or animal) unattractively thin and bony.
scrawniest:(of a person or animal) unattractively thin and bony.
scrawny:(of a person or animal) unattractively thin and bony.
scream:Give a long, loud, piercing cry or cries expressing excitement, great emotion, or pain.
screamed:Give a long, loud, piercing cry or cries expressing extreme emotion or pain.
screamer:A person or thing that makes a screaming sound.
screamers:A person or thing that makes a screaming sound.
screaming:Long, loud piercing cries expressing extreme emotion or pain.
screamingly:To a very great extent; extremely.
screams:Give a long, loud, piercing cry or cries expressing extreme emotion or pain.
scree:A mass of small loose stones that form or cover a slope on a mountain.
screech:(of a person or animal) give a loud, harsh, piercing cry.
screeched:(of a person or animal) give a loud, harsh, piercing cry.
screeches:(of a person or animal) give a loud, harsh, piercing cry.
screeching:Loud, harsh piercing cries or noises.
screed:Level (a floor or layer of concrete) with a straight edge using a back and forth motion while moving across the surface.
screeds:Level (a floor or layer of concrete) with a straight edge using a back and forth motion while moving across the surface.
screen:Conceal, protect, or shelter (someone or something) with a screen or something forming a screen.
screened:Conceal, protect, or shelter (someone or something) with a screen or something forming a screen.
screening:A showing of a movie, video, or television program.
screenings:A showing of a film, video, or television programme.
screenplay:The script of a movie, including acting instructions and scene directions.
screenplays:The script of a film, including acting instructions and scene directions.
screens:Conceal, protect, or shelter (someone or something) with a screen or something forming a screen.
screenwriter:A person who writes a screenplay.
screw:Fasten or tighten with a screw or screws.
screwdriver:A tool with a flattened, cross-shaped, or star-shaped tip that fits into the head of a screw to turn it.
screwdrivers:A tool with a flattened or cross-shaped tip that fits into the head of a screw to turn it.
screwed:(of a bolt or other device) having a helical ridge or thread running around the outside.
screwing:Fasten or tighten with a screw or screws.
screws:Fasten or tighten with a screw or screws.
screwy:Rather odd or eccentric.
scribble:Write or draw (something) carelessly or hurriedly.
scribbled:Written or drawn carelessly or hurriedly.
scribbler:A person who writes for a living or as a hobby.
scribblers:A person who writes for a living or as a hobby.
scribbles:Write or draw (something) carelessly or hurriedly.
scribbling:The action of writing or drawing something carelessly or hurriedly.
scribe:Write.
scribed:Write.
scribes:Write.
scribing:Write.
scrimped:Be thrifty or parsimonious; economize.
script:Write a script for (a play, movie, or broadcast)
scripted:Write a script for (a play, film, or broadcast)
scripting:Write a script for (a play, film, or broadcast)
scriptorium:A room set apart for writing, especially one in a monastery where manuscripts were copied.
scripts:Write a script for (a play, film, or broadcast)
scriptural:From or relating to the Bible.
scripture:The sacred writings of Christianity contained in the Bible.The sacred writings of another religion.
scriptures:The sacred writings of Christianity contained in the Bible.The sacred writings of a religion other than Christianity.
scriptwriter:A person who writes a script for a play, movie, or broadcast.
scriptwriters:A person who writes a script for a play, film, or broadcast.
scroll:Move displayed text or graphics in a particular direction on a computer screen in order to view different parts of them.
scrolled:Having an ornamental design or carving resembling a scroll of parchment.
scrolling:The action of moving displayed text or graphics up, down, or across on a computer screen in order to view different parts of them.
scrolls:Move displayed text or graphics in a particular direction on a computer screen in order to view different parts of them.
scrotum:A pouch of skin containing the testicles.
scrub:Rub (someone or something) hard so as to clean them, typically with a brush and water.
scrubbed:Rub (someone or something) hard so as to clean them, typically with a brush and water.
scrubber:A brush or other object used to clean something.
scrubbers:A brush or other object used to clean something.
scrubbing:Rub (someone or something) hard so as to clean them, typically with a brush and water.
scrubland:Land consisting of scrub vegetation.
scrubs:Rub (someone or something) hard so as to clean them, typically with a brush and water.
scruff:The back of a person's or animal's neck.
scruffier:Shabby and untidy or dirty.
scruffy:Shabby and untidy or dirty.
scrum:An ordered formation of players, used to restart play, in which the forwards of a team form up with arms interlocked and heads down, and push forward against a similar group from the opposing side. The ball is thrown into the scrum and the players try to gain possession of it by kicking it backward toward their own side.
scrummage:A scrum.
scrummaging:Form or take part in a scrum.
scrums:Form or take part in a scrum.
scrunched:Make a loud crunching noise.
scruple:Hesitate or be reluctant to do something that one thinks may be wrong.
scruples:Hesitate or be reluctant to do something that one thinks may be wrong.
scrupulous:(of a person or process) diligent, thorough, and extremely attentive to details.
scrupulously:In a very careful and thorough way.
scrutineers:A person who examines or inspects something closely and thoroughly.
scrutinies:Critical observation or examination.
scrutinise:Examine or inspect closely and thoroughly.
scrutinised:Examine or inspect closely and thoroughly.
scrutinises:Examine or inspect closely and thoroughly.
scrutinising:Examine or inspect closely and thoroughly.
scrutiny:Critical observation or examination.
scuba:An aqualung.
scubas:An aqualung.
scud:Move fast in a straight line because or as if driven by the wind.
scudded:Move fast in a straight line because or as if driven by the wind.
scudding:Move fast in a straight line because or as if driven by the wind.
scuds:Move fast in a straight line because or as if driven by the wind.
scuff:Scrape or brush the surface of (a shoe or other object) against something.
scuffed:Scrape or brush the surface of (a shoe or other object) against something.
scuffing:Scrape or brush the surface of (a shoe or other object) against something.
scuffle:A short, confused fight or struggle at close quarters.
scuffled:Engage in a short, confused fight or struggle at close quarters.
scuffles:Engage in a short, confused fight or struggle at close quarters.
scuffling:Engage in a short, confused fight or struggle at close quarters.
scull:Each of a pair of small oars used by a single rower.
sculled:Propel a boat with sculls.
sculler:A person who sculls a boat.
sculleries:A small kitchen or room at the back of a house used for washing dishes and other dirty household work.
scullery:A small kitchen or room at the back of a house used for washing dishes and other dirty household work.
sculling:Propel a boat with sculls.
sculls:Propel a boat with sculls.
sculpt:Create or represent (something) by carving, casting, or other shaping techniques.
sculpted:Create or represent (something) by carving, casting, or other shaping techniques.
sculpting:Create or represent (something) by carving, casting, or other shaping techniques.
sculptor:An artist who makes sculptures.
sculptors:An artist who makes sculptures.
sculptress:A female artist who makes sculptures.
sculptural:Relating to or resembling sculpture.
sculpture:Make or represent (a form) by carving, casting, or other shaping techniques.
sculptured:Shaped in such a way as to resemble sculpture, especially in having strong, smooth curves.
sculptures:Make or represent (a form) by carving, casting, or other shaping techniques.
scum:Form a layer of dirt or froth on (a liquid)
scupper:A hole in a ship's side to carry water overboard from the deck.
scuppered:A hole in a ship's side to carry water overboard from the deck.
scurried:(of a person or small animal) move hurriedly with short quick steps.
scurries:(of a person or small animal) move hurriedly with short quick steps.
scurrilous:Making or spreading scandalous claims about someone with the intention of damaging their reputation.
scurry:(of a person or small animal) move hurriedly with short quick steps.
scurrying:(of a person or small animal) move hurriedly with short quick steps.
scurvy:A disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C, characterized by swollen bleeding gums and the opening of previously healed wounds, which particularly affected poorly nourished sailors until the end of the 18th century.
scuttle:A metal container with a sloping hinged lid and a handle, used to fetch and store coal for a domestic fire.
scuttled:A metal container with a handle, used to fetch and store coal for a domestic fire.
scuttles:A metal container with a handle, used to fetch and store coal for a domestic fire.
scuttling:A metal container with a handle, used to fetch and store coal for a domestic fire.
scythe:Cut with a scythe.
scythed:Cut with a scythe.
scythes:Cut with a scythe.
scything:Cut with a scythe.
sea:The expanse of salt water that covers most of the earth's surface and surrounds its landmasses.
seabed:The ground under the sea; the ocean floor.
seabird:A bird that frequents the sea or coast.
seabirds:A bird that frequents the sea or coast.
seaboard:A region bordering the sea; the coastline.
seaborne:Transported or traveling by sea.
seafarer:A person who regularly travels by sea; a sailor.
seafarers:A person who regularly travels by sea; a sailor.
seafaring:The practice of traveling by sea, especially regularly.
seafood:Shellfish and sea fish, served as food.
seafront:The part of a coastal town next to and directly facing the sea; the beachfront.
seagoing:(of a ship) suitable or designed for voyages on the sea.
seagull:A popular name for a gull.
seagulls:A popular name for a gull.
seal:Fasten or close securely.
sealant:Material used for sealing something so as to make it airtight or watertight.
sealants:Material used for sealing something so as to make it airtight or watertight.
sealed:Fasten or close securely.
sealer:A device or substance used to seal something, especially with a hermetic or an impervious seal.
sealers:A device or substance used to seal something.
sealing:The action or process of fastening or closing something securely.
seals:Fasten or close securely.
seam:Sew the seam of or join with a seam.
seaman:A person who works as a sailor, especially one below the rank of officer.
seamanship:The skill, techniques, or practice of handling a ship or boat at sea.
seamed:(of stockings or tights) having seams running up the back of the legs.
seamen:A person who works as a sailor, especially one below the rank of officer.
seamier:Sordid and disreputable.
seamless:(of a fabric or surface) smooth and without seams or obvious joins.
seamlessly:Smoothly and continuously, with no apparent gaps or spaces between one part and the next.
seams:Sew the seam of or join with a seam.
seamstress:A woman who sews, especially one who earns her living by sewing.
seamstresses:A woman who sews, especially one who earns her living by sewing.
seamy:Sordid and disreputable.
seance:A meeting at which people attempt to make contact with the dead, especially through the agency of a medium.
seances:A meeting at which people attempt to make contact with the dead, especially through the agency of a medium.
seaplane:An aircraft with floats instead of wheels, designed to land on and take off from water.
seaplanes:An aircraft with floats or skis instead of wheels, designed to land on and take off from water.
seaport:A town or city with a harbor for seagoing ships.
seaports:A town or city with a harbour for seagoing ships.
sear:Burn or scorch the surface of (something) with a sudden, intense heat.
search:Try to find something by looking or otherwise seeking carefully and thoroughly.
searched:Try to find something by looking or otherwise seeking carefully and thoroughly.
searcher:A person who is attempting to find someone or something by looking or otherwise seeking carefully and thoroughly.
searches:Try to find something by looking or otherwise seeking carefully and thoroughly.
searching:Thoroughly scrutinizing, especially in a disconcerting way.
searchlight:A powerful outdoor electric light with a concentrated beam that can be turned in the required direction.
searchlights:A powerful outdoor electric light with a concentrated beam that can be turned in the required direction.
seared:(of food) fried quickly at a high temperature so as to retain its juices in subsequent cooking.
searing:Extremely hot or intense.
sears:Burn or scorch the surface of (something) with a sudden, intense heat.
seas:The expanse of salt water that covers most of the earth's surface and surrounds its land masses.
seascape:A view of an expanse of sea.
seascapes:A view of an expanse of sea.
seashells:The shell of a marine mollusc.
seashore:An area of sandy, stony, or rocky land bordering and level with the sea.
seashores:An area of sandy, stony, or rocky land bordering and level with the sea.
seasick:Suffering from sickness or nausea caused by the motion of a ship at sea.
seaside:A place by the sea, especially a beach area or vacation resort.
season:Add salt, herbs, pepper, or other spices to (food)
seasonable:Usual for or appropriate to a particular season of the year.
seasonal:Relating to or characteristic of a particular season of the year.
seasonality:The quality or fact of varying with or depending on the season or time of year.
seasonally:At a particular season of the year.
seasoned:(of food) having had salt, pepper, herbs, or spices added.
seasoning:Salt, herbs, or spices added to food to enhance the flavor.
seasons:Add salt, herbs, pepper, or other spices to (food)
seat:Arrange for (someone) to sit somewhere.
seated:Sitting down.
seating:The seats with which a building or room is provided.
seats:Arrange for (someone) to sit somewhere.
seattle:A port and industrial city in the state of Washington, on the eastern shores of Puget Sound; population 598,541 (est. 2008). First settled in 1852, it is now the largest city in the northwestern US.
seaward:Toward the sea.
seawards:Towards the sea.
seawater:Water in or taken from the sea.
seaweed:Large algae growing in the sea or on rocks below the high-water mark.
seaweeds:Large algae growing in the sea or on rocks below the high-water mark.
seaworthy:(of a vessel) in a good enough condition to sail on the sea.
sebaceous:Relating to oil or fat.
sec:Secant.
secant:The ratio of the hypotenuse to the shorter side adjacent to an acute angle (in a right-angled triangle); the reciprocal of a cosine.
secateurs:A pair of pruning clippers for use with one hand.
secede:Withdraw formally from membership of a federal union, an alliance, or a political or religious organization.
seceded:Withdraw formally from membership of a federal union, an alliance, or a political or religious organization.
secedes:Withdraw formally from membership of a federal union, an alliance, or a political or religious organization.
seceding:Withdraw formally from membership of a federal union, an alliance, or a political or religious organization.
secession:The action of withdrawing formally from membership of a federation or body, especially a political state.
secessionist:A person who favors formal withdrawal from membership of a federation or body, especially a political state.
secessionists:A person who favours formal withdrawal from membership of a federation or body, especially a political state.
secessions:The action of withdrawing formally from membership of a federation or body, especially a political state.
seclude:Keep (someone) away from other people.
secluded:(of a place) not seen or visited by many people; sheltered and private.
seclusion:The state of being private and away from other people.
second:Formally support or endorse (a nomination or resolution or its proposer) as a necessary preliminary to adoption or further discussion.
secondaries:A secondary school.
secondarily:As a secondary or less important factor.
secondary:A secondary coil or winding in an electrical transformer.
seconded:Formally support or endorse (a nomination or resolution or its proposer) as a necessary preliminary to adoption or further discussion.
secondhand:On the basis that something has had a previous owner.
seconding:Formally support or endorse (a nomination or resolution or its proposer) as a necessary preliminary to adoption or further discussion.
secondly:In the second place (used to introduce a second point or reason)
secondment:The temporary transfer of an official or worker to another position or employment.
secondments:The temporary transfer of an official or worker to another position or employment.
seconds:Formally support or endorse (a nomination or resolution or its proposer) as a necessary preliminary to adoption or further discussion.
secrecy:The action of keeping something secret or the state of being kept secret.
secret:Something that is kept or meant to be kept unknown or unseen by others.
secretarial:Relating to the work or position of a secretary.
secretariat:A permanent administrative office or department, especially a governmental one.
secretariats:A permanent administrative office or department, especially a governmental one.
secretaries:A person employed by an individual or in an office to assist with correspondence, make appointments, and carry out administrative tasks.
secretary:A person employed by an individual or in an office to assist with correspondence, keep records, make appointments, and carry out similar tasks.
secrete:(of a cell, gland, or organ) produce and discharge (a substance)
secreted:(of a cell, gland, or organ) produce and discharge (a substance)
secretes:(of a cell, gland, or organ) produce and discharge (a substance)
secreting:(of a cell, gland, or organ) produce and discharge (a substance)
secretion:A process by which substances are produced and discharged from a cell, gland, or organ for a particular function in the organism or for excretion.
secretive:(of a person or an organization) inclined to conceal feelings and intentions or not to disclose information.
secretly:In a secret way; without others knowing.
secrets:Something that is kept or meant to be kept unknown or unseen by others.
sect:A group of people with somewhat different religious beliefs (typically regarded as heretical) from those of a larger group to which they belong.
sectarian:A member of a sect.
sectarianism:Excessive attachment to a particular sect or party, especially in religion.
section:Divide into sections.
sectional:A sofa made in sections that can be used separately as chairs.
sectioned:Made or divided into a separate sections.
sectioning:Divide into sections.
sections:Divide into sections.
sector:An area or portion that is distinct from others.
sectoral:Relating to a distinct part or area.
sectors:An area or portion that is distinct from others.
sects:A group of people with somewhat different religious beliefs (typically regarded as heretical) from those of a larger group to which they belong.
secular:A secular priest.
secularisation:The action or process of converting something from religious to secular possession or use.
secularised:Convert from religious to secular possession or use.
secularism:The principle of separation of the state from religious institutions.
secularist:A person who advocates separation of the state from religious institutions.
secularists:A person who advocates separation of the state from religious institutions.
secure:Fix or attach (something) firmly so that it cannot be moved or lost.
secured:Fix or attach (something) firmly so that it cannot be moved or lost.
securely:In a fixed or stable manner.
securer:A person who or thing which secures someone or something, in various senses of the verb.
secures:Fix or attach (something) firmly so that it cannot be moved or lost.
securing:Fix or attach (something) firmly so that it cannot be moved or lost.
securities:The state of being free from danger or threat.
security:The state of being free from danger or threat.
sedan:An enclosed chair for conveying one person, carried between horizontal poles by two or more porters.
sedate:Calm, dignified, and unhurried.
sedated:Calm, dignified, and unhurried.
sedates:Calm, dignified, and unhurried.
sedating:Calm, dignified, and unhurried.
sedation:The administering of a sedative drug to produce a state of calm or sleep.
sedative:A drug taken for its calming or sleep-inducing effect.
sedatives:A drug taken for its calming or sleep-inducing effect.
sedentary:(of a person) tending to spend much time seated; somewhat inactive.
sedge:A grasslike plant with triangular stems and inconspicuous flowers, growing typically in wet ground. Sedges are widely distributed throughout temperate and cold regions.
sedges:A grasslike plant with triangular stems and inconspicuous flowers, growing typically in wet ground. Sedges are widely distributed throughout temperate and cold regions.
sediment:Matter that settles to the bottom of a liquid; dregs.
sedimentary:Relating to sediment.
sedimentation:The process of settling or being deposited as a sediment.
sediments:Settle as sediment.
sedition:Conduct or speech inciting people to rebel against the authority of a state or monarch.
seditious:Inciting or causing people to rebel against the authority of a state or monarch.
seduce:Entice (someone) into sexual activity.
seducer:A person who entices someone into sexual activity.
seducers:A person who entices someone into sexual activity.
seducing:Entice (someone) into sexual activity.
seduction:The action of seducing someone.
seductions:The action of seducing someone.
seductive:Tempting and attractive; enticing.
seductively:In a tempting and attractive manner; enticingly.
see:Perceive with the eyes; discern visually.
seed:Sow (land) with seeds.
seedbed:A bed of fine soil in which seedlings are germinated.
seeded:(of a plant or fruit) having a seed or seeds of a specified kind or number.
seeder:A machine for sowing seed mechanically.
seedier:Sordid and disreputable.
seediest:Sordid and disreputable.
seeding:Sow (land) with seeds.
seedless:Denoting a fruit that has no seeds.
seedling:A young plant, especially one raised from seed and not from a cutting.
seedlings:A young plant, especially one raised from seed and not from a cutting.
seeds:Sow (land) with seeds.
seedy:Sordid and disreputable.
seeing:The action of seeing someone or something.
seek:Attempt to find (something)
seeker:A person who is attempting to find or obtain something.
seekers:A person who is attempting to find or obtain something.
seeking:Attempt to find (something)
seeks:Attempt to find (something)
seem:Give the impression or sensation of being something or having a particular quality.
seemed:Give the impression of being something or having a particular quality.
seeming:The outward appearance or aspect of someone or something, especially when considered as deceptive or as distinguished from reality.
seemingly:So as to give the impression of having a certain quality; apparently.
seemlier:Conforming to accepted notions of propriety or good taste; decorous.
seemliest:Conforming to accepted notions of propriety or good taste; decorous.
seemly:Conforming to accepted notions of propriety or good taste; decorous.
seems:Give the impression of being something or having a particular quality.
seen:past participle of see
seep:(of a liquid) flow or leak slowly through porous material or small holes.
seepage:The slow escape of a liquid or gas through porous material or small holes.
seeped:(of a liquid) flow or leak slowly through porous material or small holes.
seeping:(of a liquid) flow or leak slowly through porous material or small holes.
seeps:(of a liquid) flow or leak slowly through porous material or small holes.
seer:A person who is supposed to be able, through supernatural insight, to see what the future holds.
seers:A person of supposed supernatural insight who sees visions of the future.
sees:Perceive with the eyes; discern visually.
seesaw:A long plank balanced in the middle on a fixed support, on each end of which children sit and swing up and down by pushing the ground alternately with their feet.
seethe:(of a liquid) bubble up as a result of being boiled.
seethed:(of a liquid) boil or be turbulent as if boiling.
seethes:(of a liquid) boil or be turbulent as if boiling.
seething:Filled with or characterized by intense but unexpressed anger.
segment:Divide (something) into separate parts or sections.
segmental:Composed of separate parts or sections.
segmentation:Division into separate parts or sections.
segmented:Consisting of or divided into segments.
segmenting:Divide (something) into separate parts or sections.
segments:Divide (something) into separate parts or sections.
segregate:Set apart from the rest or from each other; isolate or divide.
segregated:Set apart from each other; isolated or divided.
segregates:Set apart from the rest or from each other; isolate or divide.
segregating:Set apart from the rest or from each other; isolate or divide.
segregation:The action or state of setting someone or something apart from other people or things or being set apart.
seine:Fish (an area) with a seine.
seisin:Possession of land by freehold.
seismic:Relating to earthquakes or other vibrations of the earth and its crust.
seismogram:A record produced by a seismograph.
seismograph:An instrument that measures and records details of earthquakes, such as force and duration.
seismology:The branch of science concerned with earthquakes and related phenomena.
seize:Take hold of suddenly and forcibly.
seized:Take hold of suddenly and forcibly.
seizes:Take hold of suddenly and forcibly.
seizing:A length of cord or rope used for fastening or tying.
seizure:The action of capturing someone or something using force.
seizures:The action of capturing someone or something using force.
seldom:Not often; rarely.
select:Carefully choose as being the best or most suitable.
selected:Carefully choose as being the best or most suitable.
selectee:A person who is selected.
selecting:Carefully choose as being the best or most suitable.
selection:The action or fact of carefully choosing someone or something as being the best or most suitable.
selections:The action or fact of carefully choosing someone or something as being the best or most suitable.
selective:Relating to or involving the selection of the most suitable or best qualified.
selectively:In a way that involves the selection of only particular people or things.
selectivity:The quality of carefully choosing someone or something as the best or most suitable.
selector:A person or thing that selects something.
selectors:A person or thing that selects something.
selects:Carefully choose as being the best or most suitable.
selenium:The chemical element of atomic number 34, a gray crystalline nonmetal with semiconducting properties.
selenology:The scientific study of the moon.
self:Self-pollinate; self-fertilize.
selfish:(of a person, action, or motive) lacking consideration for others; concerned chiefly with one's own personal profit or pleasure.
selfishly:With a lack of consideration for other people due to concern with one's own personal profit or pleasure.
selfishness:The quality or condition of being selfish.
selfless:Concerned more with the needs and wishes of others than with one's own; unselfish.
selflessly:In a way that is concerned more with the needs and wishes of others than with one's own.
selfportrait:A portrait that an artist produces of themselves.
selfportraits:A portrait that an artist produces of themselves.
selfsame:Exactly the same.
sell:Give or hand over (something) in exchange for money.
seller:A person who sells something.
sellers:A person who sells something.
selling:Give or hand over (something) in exchange for money.
sells:Give or hand over (something) in exchange for money.
selves:Self-pollinate; self-fertilize.
semantic:Relating to meaning in language or logic.
semantics:The branch of linguistics and logic concerned with meaning. There are a number of branches and subbranches of semantics, including formal semantics, which studies the logical aspects of meaning, such as sense, reference, implication, and logical form, lexical semantics, which studies word meanings and word relations, and conceptual semantics, which studies the cognitive structure of meaning.
semaphore:Send (a message) by semaphore or by signals resembling semaphore.
semaphores:Send (a message) by semaphore or by signals resembling semaphore.
semaphoring:Send (a message) by semaphore or by signals resembling semaphore.
semblance:The outward appearance or apparent form of something, especially when the reality is different.
semblances:The outward appearance or apparent form of something, especially when the reality is different.
semen:The male reproductive fluid, containing spermatozoa in suspension.
semester:A half-year term in a school or college, typically lasting fifteen to eighteen weeks.
semesters:A half-year term in a school or university, especially in North America, typically lasting for fifteen to eighteen weeks.
semi:A tractor-trailer.
semicircle:A half of a circle or of its circumference.
semicircular:Forming or shaped like a semicircle.
semicolon:A punctuation mark (;) indicating a pause, typically between two main clauses, that is more pronounced than that indicated by a comma.
semicolons:A punctuation mark (;) indicating a pause, typically between two main clauses, that is more pronounced than that indicated by a comma.
semiconducting:(of a material or device) having the properties of a semiconductor.
semiconductor:A solid substance that has a conductivity between that of an insulator and that of most metals, either due to the addition of an impurity or because of temperature effects. Devices made of semiconductors, notably silicon, are essential components of most electronic circuits.
semiconductors:A solid substance that has a conductivity between that of an insulator and that of most metals, either due to the addition of an impurity or because of temperature effects. Devices made of semiconductors, notably silicon, are essential components of most electronic circuits.
semiconscious:(of a person) only partially conscious.
semidetached:A semidetached house.
semifinal:A game or round immediately preceding the final, the winner of which goes on to the final.
semifinals:A match or round of a competition immediately preceding the final, the winner of which goes on to the final.
seminar:A conference or other meeting for discussion or training.
seminaries:A college that trains students to be priests, rabbis, or ministers.
seminars:A conference or other meeting for discussion or training.
seminary:A college that trains students to be priests, rabbis, or ministers.
semite:A member of any of the peoples who speak or spoke a Semitic language, including in particular the Jews and Arabs.
semites:A member of any of the peoples who speak or spoke a Semitic language, including in particular the Jews and Arabs.
semitic:Relating to or denoting a family of languages that includes Hebrew, Arabic, and Aramaic and certain ancient languages such as Phoenician and Akkadian, constituting the main subgroup of the Afro-Asiatic family.
semitics:With singular agreement. The scientific study of the language, literature, etc., of Semitic peoples.
sen:A monetary unit of Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, and Malaysia, equal to one hundredth of a dollar in Brunei, one hundredth of a riel in Cambodia, one hundredth of a rupiah in Indonesia, and one hundredth of a ringgit in Malaysia.
senate:The smaller upper assembly in the US Congress, most US states, France, and other countries.
senates:The smaller upper assembly in the US, US states, France, and other countries.
senator:A member of a senate.
senatorial:Relating to or characteristic of a senator.
senators:A member of a senate.
send:Cause to go or be taken to a particular destination; arrange for the delivery of, especially by mail.
sender:A person who sends or transmits a message, letter, email, etc.
senders:A person who sends or transmits a message, letter, email, etc.
sending:An unpleasant or evil thing or creature supposedly sent by someone with paranormal or magical powers to warn, punish, or take revenge on a person.
sends:Cause to go or be taken to a particular destination; arrange for the delivery of, especially by post.
senegal:A country on the coast of West Africa; population 15,100,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Dakar; languages, French (official), Wolof, and other West African languages.
senhor:(in Portuguese-speaking regions) a man (often used as a title or polite form of address)
senhors:(in Portuguese-speaking countries) a man (often used as a title or polite form of address)
senile:(of a person) having or showing the weaknesses or diseases of old age, especially a loss of mental faculties.
senility:The condition of being senile.
senior:A person who is a specified number of years older than someone else.
seniority:The fact or state of being older or higher in position or status than someone else.
seniors:A person who is a specified number of years older than someone else.
sensation:A physical feeling or perception resulting from something that happens to or comes into contact with the body.
sensational:(of an event, a person, or a piece of information) causing great public interest and excitement.
sensationalised:(especially of a newspaper) present information about (something) in a sensational way.
sensationalism:(especially in journalism) the use of exciting or shocking stories or language at the expense of accuracy, in order to provoke public interest or excitement.
sensationalist:A person who presents stories in a way that is intended to provoke public interest or excitement, at the expense of accuracy.
sensationally:In a way that causes great public interest and excitement.
sensations:A physical feeling or perception resulting from something that happens to or comes into contact with the body.
sense:Perceive by a sense or senses.
sensed:Perceive by a sense or senses.
senseless:(of a person) unconscious.
senses:Perceive by a sense or senses.
sensibility:The ability to appreciate and respond to complex emotional or aesthetic influences; sensitivity.
sensible:(of a statement or course of action) chosen in accordance with wisdom or prudence; likely to be of benefit.
sensibly:In a way that shows wisdom or prudence.
sensing:Perceive by a sense or senses.
sensitisation:The quality or condition of responding to certain stimuli in a sensitive manner.
sensitised:Cause (someone or something) to respond to certain stimuli; make sensitive.
sensitive:A person who is believed to respond to occult influences.
sensitively:In a way that is quick to detect or respond to slight changes, signals, or influences.
sensitivity:The quality or condition of being sensitive.
sensor:A device which detects or measures a physical property and records, indicates, or otherwise responds to it.
sensors:A device which detects or measures a physical property and records, indicates, or otherwise responds to it.
sensory:Relating to sensation or the physical senses; transmitted or perceived by the senses.
sensual:Relating to or involving gratification of the senses and physical, especially sexual, pleasure.
sensuality:The enjoyment, expression, or pursuit of physical, especially sexual, pleasure.
sensuous:Relating to or affecting the senses rather than the intellect.
sent:(until the introduction of the euro in 2011) a monetary unit of Estonia, equal to one hundredth of a kroon.
sentence:Declare the punishment decided for (an offender)
sentenced:Declare the punishment decided for (an offender)
sentences:Declare the punishment decided for (an offender)
sentencing:Declare the punishment decided for (an offender)
sentential:Relating to a sentence.
sententious:Given to moralizing in a pompous or affected manner.
sentient:Able to perceive or feel things.
sentiment:A view of or attitude toward a situation or event; an opinion.
sentimental:Of or prompted by feelings of tenderness, sadness, or nostalgia.
sentimentalised:Treated, regarded, or portrayed in a sentimental way.
sentimentalism:The excessive expression of feelings of tenderness, sadness, or nostalgia in behavior, writing, or speech.
sentimentality:Excessive tenderness, sadness, or nostalgia.
sentiments:A view or opinion that is held or expressed.
sentinel:Station a soldier or guard by (a place) to keep watch.
sentinels:Station a soldier or guard by (a place) to keep watch.
sentries:A soldier stationed to keep guard or to control access to a place.
sentry:A soldier stationed to keep guard or to control access to a place.
seoul:The capital of South Korea, situated in the northwest of the country on the Han River; population 10,456,000 (est. 2008). It was the capital of the Korean Yi dynasty from the late 14th century until 1910, when Korea was annexed by the Japanese. Extensively developed under Japanese rule, it became the capital of South Korea after the partition of 1945.
separable:Able to be separated or treated separately.
separate:Cause to move or be apart.
separated:No longer living together as a couple.
separately:As a separate entity or entities; not together.
separates:Cause to move or be apart.
separating:Cause to move or be apart.
separation:The action or state of moving or being moved apart.
separatism:The advocacy or practice of separation of a certain group of people from a larger body on the basis of ethnicity, religion, or gender.
separatist:A person who supports the separation of a particular group of people from a larger body on the basis of ethnicity, religion, or gender.
separatists:A person who supports the separation of a particular group of people from a larger body on the basis of ethnicity, religion, or gender.
separator:A machine or device that separates something into its constituent or distinct elements.
separators:A machine or device that separates something into its constituent or distinct elements.
sepia:A reddish-brown color associated particularly with monochrome photographs of the 19th and early 20th centuries.
september:The ninth month of the year, in the northern hemisphere usually considered the first month of autumn.
septet:A group of seven people playing music or singing together.
septets:A group of seven people playing music or singing together.
septic:A drainage system incorporating a septic tank.
septicaemia:Blood poisoning, especially that caused by bacteria or their toxins.
sepulchral:Relating to a tomb or interment.
sepulchre:Lay or bury in or as if in a sepulchre.
sepulchres:Lay or bury in or as if in a sepulchre.
sequel:A published, broadcast, or recorded work that continues the story or develops the theme of an earlier one.
sequels:A published, broadcast, or recorded work that continues the story or develops the theme of an earlier one.
sequence:Arrange in a particular order.
sequenced:Arrange in a particular order.
sequencer:A programmable electronic device for storing sequences of musical notes, chords, or rhythms and transmitting them when required to an electronic musical instrument.
sequencers:A programmable electronic device for storing sequences of musical notes, chords, or rhythms and transmitting them to an electronic musical instrument.
sequences:Arrange in a particular order.
sequencing:Arrange in a particular order.
sequent:Following in a sequence or as a logical conclusion.
sequential:Forming or following in a logical order or sequence.
sequentially:By forming or following a logical order or sequence.
sequestered:(of a place) isolated and hidden away.
sequestrated:Take legal possession of (assets) until a debt has been paid or other claims have been met.
sequestration:The action of taking legal possession of assets until a debt has been paid or other claims have been met.
sequin:A small, shiny disk sewn as one of many onto clothing for decoration.
sequins:A small shiny disc sewn on to clothing for decoration.
sequoia:A redwood tree, especially the California redwood.
seraglio:The women's apartments (harem) in an Ottoman palace.
seraphic:Characteristic of or resembling a seraph or seraphim.
seraphim:An angelic being, regarded in traditional Christian angelology as belonging to the highest order of the ninefold celestial hierarchy, associated with light, ardour, and purity.
seraphs:An angelic being, regarded in traditional Christian angelology as belonging to the highest order of the ninefold celestial hierarchy, associated with light, ardour, and purity.
serenade:Entertain (someone) with a serenade.
serenades:Entertain (someone) with a serenade.
serenading:Entertain (someone) with a serenade.
serenata:A cantata with a pastoral subject.
serendipitous:Occurring or discovered by chance in a happy or beneficial way.
serendipity:The occurrence and development of events by chance in a happy or beneficial way.
serene:An expanse of clear sky or calm sea.
serenely:In a calm, peaceful, and untroubled manner.
serener:An expanse of clear sky or calm sea.
serenest:An expanse of clear sky or calm sea.
serenity:The state of being calm, peaceful, and untroubled.
serf:An agricultural laborer bound under the feudal system to work on his lord's estate.
serfdom:The state of being a serf or feudal laborer.
serfs:An agricultural labourer bound by the feudal system who was tied to working on his lord's estate.
serge:A durable twilled woolen or worsted fabric.
sergeant:A noncommissioned officer in the armed forces, in particular (in the US Army or Marine Corps) an NCO ranking above corporal and below staff sergeant, or (in the US Air Force) an NCO ranking above airman and below staff sergeant.
sergeants:A rank of non-commissioned officer in the army or air force, above corporal and below staff sergeant.
serial:A story or play appearing in regular installments on television or radio or in a periodical.
serialise:Publish or broadcast (a story or play) in regular instalments.
serialised:Publish or broadcast (a story or play) in regular instalments.
serialising:Publish or broadcast (a story or play) in regular instalments.
serially:In a series or sequence.
serials:A story or play appearing in regular instalments on television or radio or in a magazine.
series:A number of things, events, or people of a similar kind or related nature coming one after another.
serif:A slight projection finishing off a stroke of a letter in certain typefaces.
serifed:Having serifs.
serifs:A slight projection finishing off a stroke of a letter in certain typefaces.
serious:(of a subject, state, or activity) demanding careful consideration or application.
seriously:In a solemn or considered manner.
seriousness:The quality or state of being serious.
sermon:A talk on a religious or moral subject, especially one given during a church service and based on a passage from the Bible.
sermons:A talk on a religious or moral subject, especially one given during a church service and based on a passage from the Bible.
serology:The scientific study or diagnostic examination of blood serum, especially with regard to the response of the immune system to pathogens or introduced substances.
seronegative:Giving a negative result in a test of blood serum, e.g. for the presence of a virus.
serotonin:A compound present in blood platelets and serum, which constricts the blood vessels and acts as a neurotransmitter.
serpent:A large snake.
serpentine:Move or lie in a winding path or line.
serpents:A large snake.
serrate:Serrated.
serrated:Having or denoting a jagged edge; sawlike.
serried:(of rows of people or things) standing close together.
serum:An amber-colored, protein-rich liquid that separates out when blood coagulates.
serums:An amber-coloured, protein-rich liquid which separates out when blood coagulates.
servant:A person who performs duties for others, especially a person employed in a house on domestic duties or as a personal attendant.
servants:A person who performs duties for others, especially a person employed in a house on domestic duties or as a personal attendant.
serve:Perform duties or services for (another person or an organization)
served:Perform duties or services for (another person or an organization)
server:A person or thing that provides a service or commodity.
servers:A person or thing that serves.
serves:Perform duties or services for (another person or an organization)
service:Perform routine maintenance or repair work on (a vehicle or machine)
serviceable:Fulfilling its function adequately; usable.
serviced:Perform routine maintenance or repair work on (a vehicle or machine)
serviceman:A man serving in the armed forces.
servicemen:A man serving in the armed forces.
services:Perform routine maintenance or repair work on (a vehicle or machine)
servicing:Perform routine maintenance or repair work on (a vehicle or machine)
serviette:A table napkin.
servile:Having or showing an excessive willingness to serve or please others.
servility:An excessive willingness to serve or please others.
serving:A quantity of food suitable for or served to one person.
servings:A quantity of food suitable for or served to one person.
servitude:The state of being a slave or completely subject to someone more powerful.
sesame:A tall annual herbaceous plant of tropical and subtropical areas of the Old World, cultivated for its oil-rich seeds.
sesotho:The South Sotho language of the Basotho people, an official language in Lesotho and South Africa, with over 5 million speakers.
sessile:(of an organism, e.g. a barnacle) fixed in one place; immobile.
session:A meeting of a deliberative or judicial body to conduct its business.
sessions:A meeting of an official body, especially a legislature, council, or court of law, to conduct its business.
set:Put, lay, or stand (something) in a specified place or position.
setback:A reversal or check in progress.
setbacks:A reversal or check in progress.
seth:An evil god who murdered his brother Osiris and wounded Osiris's son Horus. Seth is represented as having the head of an animal with a long pointed snout.
sets:Put, lay, or stand (something) in a specified place or position.
setswana:The Bantu language of the Tswana people, related to the Sotho languages and spoken by over 4 million people in southern Africa. It is one of the official languages of South Africa.
settee:A long upholstered seat for more than one person, typically with a back and arms.
settees:A long upholstered seat for more than one person, typically with a back and arms.
setter:A dog of a large long-haired breed trained to stand rigid when scenting game.
setters:A dog of a large long-haired breed trained to stand rigid when scenting game.
setting:The place or type of surroundings where something is positioned or where an event takes place.
settings:The place or type of surroundings where something is positioned or where an event takes place.
settle:Resolve or reach an agreement about (an argument or problem)
settled:Resolve or reach an agreement about (an argument or problem)
settlement:An official agreement intended to resolve a dispute or conflict.
settlements:An official agreement intended to resolve a dispute or conflict.
settler:A person who moves with a group of others to live in a new country or area.
settlers:A person who moves with a group of others to live in a new country or area.
settles:Resolve or reach an agreement about (an argument or problem)
settling:Resolve or reach an agreement about (an argument or problem)
setts:The den or burrow of a badger.
setup:The way in which something, especially an organization or equipment, is organized, planned, or arranged.
seven:Equivalent to the sum of three and four; one more than six, or three less than ten; 7.A group or unit of seven people or things.Seven years old.Seven o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by seven.A playing card with seven pips.
sevenfold:By seven times; to seven times the number or amount.
sevens:Equivalent to the sum of three and four; one more than six, or three less than ten; 7.A group or unit of seven people or things.Seven years old.Seven o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by seven.A playing card with seven pips.Seven-a-side rugby.
seventeen:One more than sixteen, or seven more than ten; 17.Seventeen years old.A set or team of seventeen individuals.
seventeenth:Constituting number seventeen in a sequence; 17th.
seventh:Constituting number seven in a sequence; 7th.
seventieth:Constituting number seventy in a sequence; 70th.
seventy:The number equivalent to the product of seven and ten; ten less than eighty; 70.The numbers from seventy to seventy-nine, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Seventy years old.Seventy miles an hour.
sever:Divide by cutting or slicing, especially suddenly and forcibly.
several:More than two but not many.
severally:Separately or individually; each in turn.
severance:The action of ending a connection or relationship.
severe:(of something bad or undesirable) very great; intense.
severed:Having been cut or sliced off.
severely:To an undesirably great or intense degree.
severer:(of something bad or undesirable) very great; intense.
severest:(of something bad or undesirable) very great; intense.
severing:Divide by cutting or slicing, especially suddenly and forcibly.
severity:The fact or condition of being severe.
severs:Divide by cutting or slicing, especially suddenly and forcibly.
sew:Join, fasten, or repair (something) by making stitches with a needle and thread or a sewing machine.
sewage:Waste water and excrement conveyed in sewers.
sewed:Join, fasten, or repair (something) by making stitches with a needle and thread or a sewing machine.
sewer:An underground conduit for carrying off drainage water and waste matter.
sewerage:The provision of drainage by sewers.
sewers:An underground conduit for carrying off drainage water and waste matter.
sewing:The action or activity of sewing.
sewn:Join, fasten, or repair (something) by making stitches with a needle and thread or a sewing machine.
sews:Join, fasten, or repair (something) by making stitches with a needle and thread or a sewing machine.
sex:Determine the sex of.
sexed:Having specified sexual appetites.
sexes:Determine the sex of.
sexier:Sexually attractive or exciting.
sexiest:Sexually attractive or exciting.
sexiness:The quality of being sexually attractive or alluring.
sexing:Determine the sex of.
sexism:Prejudice, stereotyping, or discrimination, typically against women, on the basis of sex.
sexist:A person with sexist views.
sexists:A person with sexist views.
sexless:Lacking in sexual desire, interest, activity, or attractiveness.
sexology:The study of human sexual life or relationships.
sextant:An instrument with a graduated arc of 60° and a sighting mechanism, used for measuring the angular distances between objects and especially for taking altitudes in navigation.
sextants:An instrument with a graduated arc of 60° and a sighting mechanism, used for measuring the angular distances between objects and especially for taking altitudes in navigation and surveying.
sextet:A group of six people playing music or singing together.
sextets:A group of six people playing music or singing together.
sexton:A person who looks after a church and churchyard, sometimes acting as bell-ringer and formerly as a gravedigger.
sextons:A person who looks after a church and churchyard, typically acting as bell-ringer and gravedigger.
sextuplet:Each of six children born at one birth.
sextuplets:Each of six children born at one birth.
sexual:Relating to the instincts, physiological processes, and activities connected with physical attraction or intimate physical contact between individuals.
sexuality:Capacity for sexual feelings.
sexually:In a way that relates to the instincts, physiological processes, and activities connected with physical attraction or intimate physical contact between individuals.
sexy:Sexually attractive or exciting.
shabbier:In poor condition through long use or lack of care.
shabbiest:In poor condition through long use or lack of care.
shabby:In poor condition through long or hard use or lack of care.
shack:A roughly built hut or cabin.
shackle:Chain with shackles.
shackled:Chain with shackles.
shackles:Chain with shackles.
shacks:Move in or live with someone as a lover.
shade:Screen from direct light.
shaded:Screen from direct light.
shades:Screen from direct light.
shadier:Situated in or full of shade.
shadiest:Situated in or full of shade.
shading:The darkening or coloring of an illustration or diagram with parallel lines or a block of color.
shadings:The darkening or colouring of an illustration or diagram with parallel lines or a block of colour.
shadow:Envelop in shadow; cast a shadow over.
shadowed:Envelop in shadow; cast a shadow over.
shadowing:Envelop in shadow; cast a shadow over.
shadows:Envelop in shadow; cast a shadow over.
shadowy:Full of shadows.
shady:Situated in or full of shade.
shaft:(of light) shine in beams.
shafting:A system of connected shafts for transmitting motive power in a machine.
shafts:(of light) shine in beams.
shag:A carpet or rug with a long, rough pile.
shagged:Exhausted.
shaggiest:(of hair or fur) long, thick, and unkempt.
shaggy:(of hair or fur) long, thick, and unkempt.
shags:A carpet or rug with a long, rough pile.
shah:A title of the former monarch of Iran.
shahs:A title of the former monarch of Iran.
shake:(of a structure or area of land) tremble or vibrate.
shakedown:A radical change or restructuring, particularly in a hierarchical organization or group.
shaken:(of a structure or area of land) tremble or vibrate.
shaker:A container used for mixing ingredients by shaking.
shakers:A container used for mixing ingredients by shaking.
shakes:(of a structure or area of land) tremble or vibrate.
shakeup:A radical reorganization.
shakeups:A radical reorganization.
shakier:Shaking or trembling.
shakiest:Shaking or trembling.
shaking:(of a structure or area of land) tremble or vibrate.
shaky:Shaking or trembling.
shale:Soft, finely stratified sedimentary rock that formed from consolidated mud or clay and can be split easily into fragile slabs.
shall:(in the first person) expressing the future tense.
shallot:A small bulb which resembles an onion and is used for pickling or as a substitute for onion.
shallots:A small bulb which resembles an onion and is used for pickling or as a substitute for onion.
shallow:An area of the sea, a lake, or a river where the water is not very deep.
shallower:(of the sea, a lake, or a river) become less deep over time or in a particular place.
shallowest:(of the sea, a lake, or a river) become less deep over time or in a particular place.
shallowness:Lack of physical depth.
shallows:(of the sea, a lake, or a river) become less deep over time or in a particular place.
sham:A thing that is not what it is purported to be.
shaman:A person regarded as having access to, and influence in, the world of good and evil spirits, especially among some peoples of northern Asia and North America. Typically such people enter a trance state during a ritual, and practice divination and healing.
shamanic:Relating to the beliefs and practices associated with a shaman.
shamans:A person regarded as having access to, and influence in, the world of good and evil spirits, especially among some peoples of northern Asia and North America. Typically such people enter a trance state during a ritual, and practise divination and healing.
shamble:(of a person) move with a slow, shuffling, awkward gait.
shambled:(of a person) move with a slow, shuffling, awkward gait.
shambles:A state of total disorder.
shambling:Moving with a slow, shuffling, awkward gait.
shame:(of a person, action, or situation) make (someone) feel ashamed.
shamed:Make (someone) feel ashamed.
shamefaced:Feeling or expressing shame or embarrassment.
shameful:Worthy of or causing shame or disgrace.
shamefully:In a manner worthy of or causing shame or disgrace.
shameless:(of a person or their conduct) characterized by or showing a lack of shame.
shamelessly:In a blatant or brazen manner; without shame.
shames:Make (someone) feel ashamed.
shaming:Make (someone) feel ashamed.
shammed:Falsely present something as the truth.
shamming:Falsely present something as the truth.
shampoo:Wash or clean (something, especially the hair) with shampoo.
shampooed:Wash or clean (something, especially the hair) with shampoo.
shampooing:Wash or clean (something, especially the hair) with shampoo.
shampoos:Wash or clean (something, especially the hair) with shampoo.
shamrock:A low-growing clover-like plant with three-lobed leaves, used as the national emblem of Ireland.
shams:Falsely present something as the truth.
shandy:Beer mixed with a nonalcoholic drink (typically lemonade)
shank:Strike (the ball) with the heel of the club.
shanks:Strike (the ball) with the heel of the club.
shanties:A small, crudely built shack.
shanty:A small, crudely built shack.
shape:Give a particular shape or form to.
shaped:Having a defined external form or outline.
shapeless:(especially of a garment) lacking a distinctive or attractive shape.
shapelier:(especially of a woman or part of her body) having an attractive or well-proportioned shape.
shapeliest:(especially of a woman or part of her body) having an attractive or well-proportioned shape.
shapely:(especially of a woman or part of her body) having an attractive or well-proportioned shape.
shapes:Give a particular shape or form to.
shaping:Give a particular shape or form to.
sharable:Suitable or intended for sharing with another or others.
shard:A piece of broken ceramic, metal, glass, or rock, typically having sharp edges.
shards:A piece of broken ceramic, metal, glass, or rock, typically having sharp edges.
share:Have a portion of (something) with another or others.
shareable:Suitable or intended for sharing with another or others.
shared:Distributed between members of a group.
shareholder:An owner of shares in a company.
shareholders:An owner of shares in a company.
shareholding:An allocation of shares held in a company.
shareholdings:An allocation of shares held in a company.
shares:Have a portion of (something) with another or others.
shareware:Software that is available free of charge and often distributed informally for evaluation, after which a fee may be requested for continued use.
sharing:Have a portion of (something) with another or others.
shark:A long-bodied chiefly marine fish with a cartilaginous skeleton, a prominent dorsal fin, and toothlike scales. Most sharks are predatory, although the largest kinds feed on plankton, and some can grow to a large size.
sharks:(typically of a man at a social gathering) be in active pursuit of a sexual partner.
sharp:A musical note raised a semitone above natural pitch.
sharpen:Make or become sharp or sharper.
sharpened:Make or become sharp or sharper.
sharpener:A person or device that makes something sharp.
sharpeners:A person or device that makes something sharp.
sharpening:Make or become sharp or sharper.
sharpens:Make or become sharp or sharper.
sharper:A swindler, especially at cards.
sharpest:Raise the pitch of (a note) by a semitone.
sharply:With a sharp or steeply tapering edge or point.
sharpness:The quality or state of being sharp.
sharps:Raise the pitch of (a note) by a semitone.
shatter:Break or cause to break suddenly and violently into pieces.
shattered:Broken into many pieces.
shattering:Very shocking or upsetting.
shatterproof:Constructed of material that resists shattering.
shatters:Break or cause to break suddenly and violently into pieces.
shave:Cut the hair off one's face with a razor.
shaved:(of a man) cut the hair off the face with a razor.
shaven:Shaved.
shaver:An electric razor.
shavers:An electric razor.
shaves:(of a man) cut the hair off the face with a razor.
shaving:A thin strip cut off a surface.
shavings:A thin strip cut off a surface.
shaw:The parts of a potato plant that appear above the ground.
shawl:A piece of fabric worn by women over the shoulders or head or wrapped around a baby.
shawls:A piece of fabric worn by women over the shoulders or head or wrapped round a baby.
she:Used to refer to a woman, girl, or female animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
sheaf:Bundle into sheaves.
shear:Cut the wool off (a sheep or other animal)
sheared:Cut the wool off (a sheep or other animal)
shearing:Cut the wool off (a sheep or other animal)
shears:A cutting instrument in which two blades move past each other, like scissors but typically larger.
shearwater:A long-winged seabird related to the petrels, often flying low over the surface of the water far from land.
shearwaters:A long-winged seabird related to the petrels, often flying low over the surface of the water far from land.
sheath:A cover for the blade of a knife or sword.
sheathe:Put (a weapon such as a knife or sword) into a sheath.
sheathed:Put (a weapon such as a knife or sword) into a sheath.
sheathing:Protective casing or covering.
sheaths:A close-fitting cover for the blade of a knife or sword.
sheaves:Bundle into sheaves.
shed:Park (a vehicle) in a depot.
shedding:Park (a vehicle) in a depot.
sheds:Park (a vehicle) in a depot.
sheen:Shine or cause to shine softly.
sheep:A domesticated ruminant animal with a thick woolly coat and (typically only in the male) curving horns. It is kept in flocks for its wool or meat, and is proverbial for its tendency to follow others in the flock.
sheepdog:A dog trained to guard and herd sheep.
sheepdogs:A dog trained to guard and herd sheep.
sheepish:(of a person or expression) showing embarrassment from shame or a lack of self-confidence.
sheepishly:In an embarrassed manner due to shame or a lack of self-confidence.
sheepskin:A sheep's skin with the wool on, especially when made into a garment or rug.
sheepskins:A sheep's skin with the wool on, especially when made into a garment or rug.
sheer:Perpendicularly.
sheered:Perpendicularly.
sheerest:Perpendicularly.
sheet:Cover with or wrap in a sheet or sheets.
sheeted:Covered with or enveloped in a sheet of cloth.
sheeting:Material formed into or used as a sheet.
sheets:Cover with or wrap in a sheet of cloth.
sheik:An Arab leader, in particular the chief or head of an Arab tribe, family, or village.
sheikh:An Arab leader, in particular the chief or head of an Arab tribe, family, or village.
sheikhs:An Arab leader, in particular the chief or head of an Arab tribe, family, or village.
sheiks:An Arab leader, in particular the chief or head of an Arab tribe, family, or village.
shekel:The basic monetary unit of modern Israel, equal to 100 agorot.
shekels:The basic monetary unit of modern Israel, equal to 100 agorot.
shelf:A flat length of wood or other rigid material, attached to a wall or forming part of a piece of furniture, that provides a surface for the storage or display of objects.
shell:Bombard with shells.
shellac:Varnish (something) with shellac.
shelled:Having a protective outer case or covering.
shellfire:Bombardment by artillery shells.
shellfish:An aquatic shelled mollusk (e.g. an oyster or cockle) or crustacean (e.g. a crab or shrimp), especially one that is edible.
shelling:Bombard with shells.
shells:Bombard with shells.
shelter:Protect or shield from something harmful, especially bad weather.
sheltered:(of a place) protected from bad weather.
sheltering:Protect or shield from something harmful, especially bad weather.
shelters:Protect or shield from something harmful, especially bad weather.
shelve:Place or arrange (items, especially books) on a shelf.
shelved:Place or arrange (items, especially books) on a shelf.
shelves:A flat length of wood or other rigid material, attached to a wall or forming part of a piece of furniture, that provides a surface for the storage or display of objects.
shelving:Shelves collectively.
shepherd:Tend (sheep) as a shepherd.
shepherded:Tend (sheep) as a shepherd.
shepherdess:A female shepherd.
shepherding:The tending of sheep as a shepherd.
shepherds:Tend (sheep) as a shepherd.
sherbet:A frozen dessert made with fruit juice added to milk or cream, egg white, or gelatin.
sherds:A broken piece of ceramic material, especially one found on an archaeological site.
sheriff:(in the US) an elected officer in a county who is responsible for keeping the peace.
sheriffs:(in England and Wales) the chief executive officer of the Crown in a county, having various administrative and judicial functions.An honorary officer elected annually in some English towns.
sherlock:A person who investigates mysteries or shows great perceptiveness.
sherries:A fortified wine originally and mainly from southern Spain.
sherry:A fortified wine originally and mainly from southern Spain, often drunk as an aperitif.
shibboleth:A custom, principle, or belief distinguishing a particular class or group of people, especially a long-standing one regarded as outmoded or no longer important.
shibboleths:A custom, principle, or belief distinguishing a particular class or group of people, especially a long-standing one regarded as outmoded or no longer important.
shied:(especially of a horse) start suddenly aside in fright at an object, noise, or movement.
shield:Protect (someone or something) from a danger, risk, or unpleasant experience.
shielded:Protect from a danger, risk, or unpleasant experience.
shielding:Protect from a danger, risk, or unpleasant experience.
shields:Protect from a danger, risk, or unpleasant experience.
shielings:A roughly constructed hut used while pasturing animals.
shies:(especially of a horse) start suddenly aside in fright at an object, noise, or movement.
shift:Move or cause to move from one place to another, especially over a small distance.
shifted:Move or cause to move from one place to another, especially over a small distance.
shifter:A person or thing that shifts something.
shifters:A person or thing that shifts something.
shiftier:(of a person or their manner) appearing deceitful or evasive.
shifting:Changing, especially unpredictably.
shiftless:(of a person or action) characterized by laziness, indolence, and a lack of ambition.
shifts:Move or cause to move from one place to another, especially over a small distance.
shifty:(of a person or their manner) appearing deceitful or evasive.
shilling:A former British coin and monetary unit equal to one twentieth of a pound or twelve pence.
shimmer:Shine with a soft tremulous light.
shimmered:Shine with a soft, slightly wavering light.
shimmering:Shining with a soft, slightly wavering light.
shimmers:Shine with a soft, slightly wavering light.
shin:The front of the leg below the knee.
shinbone:The tibia.
shindig:A large, lively party, especially one celebrating something.
shine:(of the sun or another source of light) give out a bright light.
shined:(of the sun or another source of light) give out a bright light.
shiner:A thing that shines or reflects light.
shines:(of the sun or another source of light) give out a bright light.
shingle:A mass of small rounded pebbles, especially on a seashore.
shingles:An acute, painful inflammation of the nerve ganglia, with a skin eruption often forming a girdle around the middle of the body. It is caused by the same virus as chickenpox.
shinier:(of a smooth surface) reflecting light, typically because very clean or polished.
shining:Giving out or reflecting bright light.
shinning:Climb quickly up or down by gripping with one's arms and legs.
shiny:(of a smooth surface) reflecting light, typically because very clean or polished.
ship:Transport (goods or people) on a ship.
shipboard:Used or occurring on board a ship.
shipbuilder:A person or company whose job or business is the design and construction of ships.
shipbuilding:The design and construction of ships.
shipload:As much cargo or as many people as a ship can carry.
shipmate:A fellow member of a ship's crew.
shipmates:A fellow member of a ship's crew.
shipment:The action of shipping goods.
shipowner:A person or company owning a ship or a share in a ship.
shipped:Transport (goods or people) on a ship.
shipping:Ships considered collectively, especially those in a particular area or belonging to a particular country.
ships:Transport (goods or people) on a ship.
shipshape:In good order; trim and neat.
shipwreck:(of a person or ship) suffer a shipwreck.
shipwrecks:(of a person or ship) suffer a shipwreck.
shipwright:A shipbuilder.
shipyard:A place where ships are built and repaired.
shire:A county, especially in England.
shires:A county, especially in England.
shirk:Avoid or neglect (a duty or responsibility)
shirked:Avoid or neglect (a duty or responsibility)
shirking:Avoid or neglect (a duty or responsibility)
shirt:A garment for the upper body made of cotton or a similar fabric, with a collar, sleeves, and buttons down the front.
shirtless:(especially of a man) wearing no clothes above the waist.
shirts:A garment for the upper body made of cotton or a similar fabric, with a collar and sleeves, and with buttons down the front.
shiver:(of a person or animal) shake slightly and uncontrollably as a result of being cold, frightened, or excited.
shivered:Shake slightly and uncontrollably as a result of being cold, frightened, or excited.
shivering:The action of shaking slightly and uncontrollably as a result of being cold, frightened, or excited.
shivers:Shake slightly and uncontrollably as a result of being cold, frightened, or excited.
shivery:Shaking or trembling as a result of cold, illness, fear, or excitement.
shoal:A large number of fish swimming together.
shoals:(of fish) form shoals.
shock:Cause (someone) to feel surprised and upset.
shocked:Cause (someone) to feel surprised and upset.
shocker:Something that shocks, especially through being unacceptable or sensational.
shocking:Causing indignation or disgust; offensive.
shockingly:In a way that causes indignation, horror, or disgust.
shocks:Cause (someone) to feel surprised and upset.
shod:Fit (a horse) with a shoe or shoes.
shoddy:An inferior quality yarn or fabric made from the shredded fiber of waste woolen cloth or clippings.
shoe:Fit (a horse) with a shoe or shoes.
shoebox:A box in which a pair of shoes is delivered or sold.
shoehorn:Force into an inadequate space.
shoelace:A cord or leather strip passed through eyelets or hooks on opposite sides of a shoe and pulled tight and fastened.
shoemaker:A person who makes shoes and other footwear as a profession.
shoes:Fit (a horse) with a shoe or shoes.
shoestring:A small or inadequate budget.
shogun:A hereditary commander in chief in feudal Japan. Because of the military power concentrated in his hands and the consequent weakness of the nominal head of state (the mikado or emperor), the shogun was generally the real ruler of the country until feudalism was abolished in 1867.
shone:(of the sun or another source of light) give out a bright light.
shoo:Make (a person or animal) go away by waving one's arms at them, saying “shoo,” or otherwise acting in a discouraging manner.
shooed:Make (a person or animal) go away by waving one's arms at them, saying ‘shoo’, or otherwise acting in a discouraging manner.
shook:Emotionally or physically disturbed; upset.
shoot:Kill or wound (a person or animal) with a bullet or arrow.
shooter:A person who uses a gun either regularly or on a particular occasion.
shooters:A person who uses a gun either regularly or on a particular occasion.
shooting:The action or practice of shooting with a gun.
shootings:The action or practice of shooting with a gun.
shoots:Kill or wound (a person or animal) with a bullet or arrow.
shop:Visit one or more stores or websites to buy goods.
shopfront:another term for storefront (sense 1)
shopkeeper:The owner and manager of a shop.
shoplift:Steal goods from a store while pretending to be a customer.
shoplifter:A person who steals goods from a store while pretending to be a customer.
shoplifting:The criminal action of stealing goods from a store while pretending to be a customer.
shopped:Visit one or more shops or websites to buy goods.
shopper:A person who is shopping.
shoppers:A person who is shopping.
shopping:The action or activity of purchasing goods from stores.
shops:Visit one or more shops or websites to buy goods.
shore:The land along the edge of a sea, lake, or other large body of water.
shored:The land along the edge of a sea, lake, or other large body of water.
shoreline:The line along which a large body of water meets the land.
shores:The land along the edge of a sea, lake, or other large body of water.
shoreward:Toward the shore of a sea, lake, or other large body of water.
shoring:Shores or props used to support or hold up something weak or unstable.
short:Short-circuit or cause to short-circuit.
shortage:A state or situation in which something needed cannot be obtained in sufficient amounts.
shortages:A state or situation in which something needed cannot be obtained in sufficient amounts.
shortbread:A crisp, rich, crumbly type of cookie made with butter, flour, and sugar.
shortcoming:A fault or failure to meet a certain standard, typically in a person's character, a plan, or a system.
shortcomings:A fault or failure to meet a certain standard, typically in a person's character, a plan, or a system.
shortcrust:Crumbly pastry made with flour, fat, and a little water, typically used for pies, flans, and tarts.
shortcut:A shorter alternative route.
shortcuts:An alternative route that is shorter than the one usually taken.
shorted:Short-circuit or cause to short-circuit.
shorten:Make or become shorter.
shortened:Make or become shorter.
shortening:Butter or other fat used for making pastry or bread.
shortens:Make or become shorter.
shorter:Short-circuit or cause to short-circuit.
shortest:Short-circuit or cause to short-circuit.
shortfall:A deficit of something required or expected.
shortfalls:A deficit of something required or expected.
shorthand:A method of rapid writing by means of abbreviations and symbols, used especially for taking dictation. The major systems of shorthand are those devised in 1837 by Sir Isaac Pitman and in 1888 by John R. Gregg (1867–1948)
shortlist:Put (someone or something) on a shortlist.
shortlisted:Put (someone or something) on a shortlist.
shortlisting:Put (someone or something) on a shortlist.
shortlived:Lasting only a short time.
shortly:In a short time; soon.
shortness:The quality of being relatively small in height or length.
shorts:Short pants that reach only to the thighs or knees.
shortsighted:Unable to see things clearly unless they are relatively close to the eyes; nearsighted.
shortsightedness:Inability to see things clearly unless they are relatively close to the eyes; nearsightedness.
shortstaffed:Having too few or fewer than the usual number of staff.
shorty:A person who is shorter than average (often used as a nickname)
shot:The firing of a gun or cannon.
shotgun:Shoot at or kill with a shotgun.
shotguns:Shoot at or kill with a shotgun.
shots:The firing of a gun or cannon.
should:Used to indicate obligation, duty, or correctness, typically when criticizing someone's actions.
shoulder:Put (something heavy) over one's shoulder or shoulders to carry.
shouldered:(of a person or garment) having shoulders of a specified kind.
shouldering:Put (something heavy) over one's shoulder or shoulders to carry.
shoulders:Put (something heavy) over one's shoulder or shoulders to carry.
shout:(of a person) utter a loud call or cry, typically as an expression of a strong emotion.
shouted:(of a person) utter a loud cry, typically as an expression of a strong emotion.
shouting:(of a person) utter a loud cry, typically as an expression of a strong emotion.
shouts:(of a person) utter a loud cry, typically as an expression of a strong emotion.
shove:Push (someone or something) roughly.
shoved:Push (someone or something) roughly.
shovel:Move (coal, earth, snow, or a similar substance) with a shovel.
shovelled:Move (coal, earth, snow, or a similar substance) with a shovel.
shoveller:A dabbling duck with a long broad bill.
shovelling:Move (coal, earth, snow, or a similar substance) with a shovel.
shovels:Move (coal, earth, snow, or a similar substance) with a shovel.
shoves:Push (someone or something) roughly.
shoving:Push (someone or something) roughly.
show:Allow or cause (something) to be visible.
showcase:Exhibit; display.
showcases:Exhibit; display.
showcasing:Exhibit; display.
showdown:A final test or confrontation intended to settle a dispute.
showed:Allow or cause (something) to be visible.
shower:(of a mass of small things) fall or be thrown in a shower.
showered:(of a mass of small things) fall or be thrown in a shower.
showering:(of a mass of small things) fall or be thrown in a shower.
showers:(of a mass of small things) fall or be thrown in a shower.
showery:(of weather or a period of time) characterized by frequent showers of rain.
showgirl:An actress who sings and dances in musicals, variety acts, and similar shows.
showground:An area of land on which a show takes place.
showier:Having a striking appearance or style, typically by being excessively bright, colourful, or ostentatious.
showiest:Having a striking appearance or style, typically by being excessively bright, colourful, or ostentatious.
showing:The action of showing something, or the fact of being shown.
showjumpers:A person who competes in the sport of showjumping.
showman:A person who produces or presents shows as a profession, especially the proprietor, manager, or MC of a circus, fair, or other variety show.
showmanship:Skill at entertaining, theatrical presentation, or performance.
showmen:A person who produces or presents shows as a profession, especially the proprietor, manager, or MC of a circus, fair, or other variety show.
shown:Allow or cause (something) to be visible.
showoff:A person who acts pretentiously or who publicly parades themselves, their possessions, or their accomplishments.
showpiece:Something that attracts attention or admiration as an outstanding example of its type.
showpieces:Something which attracts attention or admiration as an outstanding example of its type.
showplace:A place of beauty or interest attracting many visitors.
showroom:A room used to display goods for sale, such as appliances, cars, or furniture.
showrooms:A room used to display goods for sale, such as appliances, cars, or furniture.
shows:Allow or cause (something) to be visible.
showy:Having a striking appearance or style, typically by being excessively bright, colorful, or ostentatious.
shrank:Become or make smaller in size or amount.
shrapnel:Fragments of a bomb, shell, or other object thrown out by an explosion.
shred:Tear or cut into shreds.
shredded:Torn or cut into shreds.
shredder:A machine or other device for shredding something, especially documents.
shredders:A machine or other device for shredding something.
shredding:The action of tearing or cutting something into shreds.
shreds:Tear or cut into shreds.
shrew:A small insectivorous mammal resembling a mouse, with a long pointed snout and tiny eyes.
shrewd:Having or showing sharp powers of judgment; astute.
shrewder:Having or showing sharp powers of judgement; astute.
shrewdest:Having or showing sharp powers of judgement; astute.
shrewdly:In a way that shows sharp powers of judgment; astutely.
shrewdness:The quality of having or showing good powers of judgement.
shrews:A small insectivorous mammal resembling a mouse, with a long pointed snout and tiny eyes.
shriek:Utter a high-pitched piercing sound or words, especially as an expression of terror, pain, or excitement.
shrieked:Utter a high-pitched piercing sound or words, especially as an expression of terror, pain, or excitement.
shrieking:High-pitched piercing cries or sounds.
shrieks:Utter a high-pitched piercing sound or words, especially as an expression of terror, pain, or excitement.
shrift:Confession, especially to a priest.
shrill:Make a shrill noise.
shrilled:Make a shrill noise.
shrills:Make a shrill noise.
shrilly:With a high-pitched and piercing voice or sound.
shrimp:A small free-swimming crustacean with an elongated body, typically marine and frequently harvested for food.
shrimps:Fish for shrimps.
shrine:Enshrine.
shrines:Enshrine.
shrink:Become or make smaller in size or amount.
shrinkage:The process, fact, or amount of shrinking.
shrinking:Becoming smaller in size or amount.
shrinks:Become or make smaller in size or amount.
shrivel:Wrinkle and contract or cause to wrinkle and contract, especially due to loss of moisture.
shrivelled:Wrinkled and shrunken, especially as a result of loss of moisture or old age.
shrivelling:Wrinkle and contract or cause to wrinkle and contract, especially due to loss of moisture.
shrivels:Wrinkle and contract or cause to wrinkle and contract, especially due to loss of moisture.
shroud:Wrap or dress (a body) in a shroud for burial.
shrouded:Wrap or dress (a body) in a shroud for burial.
shrouding:Wrap or dress (a body) in a shroud for burial.
shrouds:Wrap or dress (a body) in a shroud for burial.
shrub:A woody plant which is smaller than a tree and has several main stems arising at or near the ground.
shrubberies:An area in a garden planted with shrubs.
shrubbery:Shrubs collectively.
shrubs:A woody plant which is smaller than a tree and has several main stems arising at or near the ground.
shrug:Raise (one's shoulders) slightly and momentarily to express doubt, ignorance, or indifference.
shrugged:Raise (one's shoulders) slightly and momentarily to express doubt, ignorance, or indifference.
shrugging:Raise (one's shoulders) slightly and momentarily to express doubt, ignorance, or indifference.
shrugs:Raise (one's shoulders) slightly and momentarily to express doubt, ignorance, or indifference.
shrunk:Become or make smaller in size or amount.
shrunken:Having become or been made smaller in size.
shudder:(of a person) tremble convulsively, typically as a result of fear or revulsion.
shuddered:(of a person) tremble convulsively, typically as a result of fear or revulsion.
shuddering:The action or fact of shaking or vibrating violently.
shudders:(of a person) tremble convulsively, typically as a result of fear or revulsion.
shuffle:Walk by dragging one's feet along or without lifting them fully from the ground.
shuffled:Walk by dragging one's feet along or without lifting them fully from the ground.
shuffles:Walk by dragging one's feet along or without lifting them fully from the ground.
shuffling:The action of walking without lifting one's feet fully from the ground.
shun:Persistently avoid, ignore, or reject (someone or something) through antipathy or caution.
shunned:Persistently avoided, ignored, or rejected.
shunning:Persistently avoid, ignore, or reject (someone or something) through antipathy or caution.
shuns:Persistently avoid, ignore, or reject (someone or something) through antipathy or caution.
shunt:Push or pull (a train or part of a train) from the main line to a siding or from one track to another.
shunted:Push or pull (a train or part of a train) from the main line to a siding or from one line of rails to another.
shunter:A small locomotive used for shunting.
shunters:A small locomotive used for shunting.
shunting:Push or pull (a train or part of a train) from the main line to a siding or from one line of rails to another.
shunts:Push or pull (a train or part of a train) from the main line to a siding or from one line of rails to another.
shushed:Tell or signal (someone) to be silent.
shut:Move (something) into position so as to block an opening; close.
shutdown:A closure of a factory or system, typically a temporary closure due to a malfunction or for maintenance.
shutdowns:A closure of a factory or system, typically a temporary closure due to a fault or for maintenance.
shuts:Move (something) into position so as to block an opening; close.
shutter:Close the shutters of (a window or building)
shuttered:(of a window or building) having closed shutters.
shuttering:Wood in planks or strips used as a temporary structure for fencing to contain setting concrete, to support the sides of trenches, etc.
shutters:Close the shutters of (a window or building)
shutting:Move (something) into position so as to block an opening; close.
shuttle:Travel regularly between two or more places.
shuttlecock:A cork to which feathers are attached to form a cone shape, or a similar object of plastic, struck with rackets in the games of badminton and battledore.
shuttlecocks:A cork to which feathers are attached to form a cone shape, or a similar object of plastic, struck with rackets in the games of badminton and battledore.
shuttled:Travel regularly between two or more places.
shuttles:Travel regularly between two or more places.
shuttling:Travel regularly between two or more places.
shy:(especially of a horse) start suddenly aside in fright at an object, noise, or movement.
shyest:(especially of a horse) start suddenly aside in fright at an object, noise, or movement.
shying:(especially of a horse) start suddenly aside in fright at an object, noise, or movement.
shyly:In a nervous or timid manner.
shyness:The quality or state of being shy.
siamese:A native of Siam (now Thailand).
siberia:A vast region of Russia that extends from the Ural Mountains to the Pacific Ocean and from the Arctic coast to the northern borders of Kazakhstan, Mongolia, and China. Noted for the severity of its winters, it was traditionally used as a place of exile; it is now a major source of minerals and hydroelectric power.
siberian:A native or inhabitant of Siberia.
sibilant:A sibilant speech sound.
sibling:Each of two or more children or offspring having one or both parents in common; a brother or sister.
siblings:Each of two or more children or offspring having one or both parents in common; a brother or sister.
sibyl:A woman in ancient times supposed to utter the oracles and prophecies of a god.
sic:Used in brackets after a copied or quoted word that appears odd or erroneous to show that the word is quoted exactly as it stands in the original, as in a story must hold a child's interest and “enrich his [sic] life.”.
sicilian:A native or inhabitant of Sicily, or a person of Sicilian descent.
sicily:A large Italian island in the Mediterranean Sea, off the southwestern tip of Italy; capital, Palermo. It is separated from the Italian mainland by the Strait of Messina and its highest point is the volcano Mount Etna.
sick:Bring something up by vomiting.
sickbay:A room or building set aside for the treatment or accommodation of the sick, especially within a military base or on board a ship.
sickbed:An invalid's bed (often used to refer to the state or condition of being an invalid)
sicken:Make (someone) feel disgusted or appalled.
sickened:Make (someone) feel disgusted or appalled.
sickening:Causing or liable to cause a feeling of nausea or disgust.
sickens:Make (someone) feel disgusted or appalled.
sicker:Bring something up by vomiting.
sickest:Bring something up by vomiting.
sickle:A short-handled farming tool with a semicircular blade, used for cutting grain, lopping, or trimming.
sickles:A short-handled farming tool with a semicircular blade, used for cutting corn, lopping, or trimming.
sickliest:Often ill; in poor health.
sickly:Often ill; in poor health.
sickness:The state of being ill.
sickroom:A room in a school or place of work occupied by or set apart for people who are unwell.
side:Support or oppose in a conflict, dispute, or debate.
sideband:One of two frequency bands on either side of the carrier wave, containing the modulated signal.
sidebands:Each of two frequency bands either side of the carrier wave, which contain the modulated signal.
sideboard:A flat-topped piece of furniture with cupboards and drawers, placed along a wall and used for storing dishes, glasses, and table linen.
sideboards:A flat-topped piece of furniture with cupboards and drawers, used for storing crockery, glasses, and table linen.
sideburns:A strip of hair grown by a man down each side of the face in front of his ears.
sidecar:A small, low vehicle attached to the side of a motorcycle for carrying passengers.
sided:Having sides of a specified number or type.
sidekick:A person's assistant or close associate, especially one who has less authority than that person.
sidelight:A light placed at the side of something.
sidelights:A light placed at the side of something.
sideline:Cause (a player) to be unable to play in a team or game.
sidelines:Cause (a player) to be unable to play in a team or game.
sidelong:To or from one side; sideways.
sider:A person who sides with a person or cause; a supporter, a partisan.
sidereal:Of or with respect to the distant stars (i.e. the constellations or fixed stars, not the sun or planets).
sides:Support or oppose in a conflict, dispute, or debate.
sideshow:A small show or stall at an exhibition, fair, or circus.
sideshows:A small show or stall at an exhibition, fair, or circus.
sidestep:Avoid (someone or something) by stepping sideways.
sidestepped:Avoid (someone or something) by stepping sideways.
sidestepping:Avoid (someone or something) by stepping sideways.
sidesteps:Avoid (someone or something) by stepping sideways.
sideswipes:Strike with a glancing blow.
sidetrack:Cause (someone) to be distracted from an immediate or important issue.
sidetracked:Cause (someone) to be distracted from an immediate or important issue.
sidetracking:Cause (someone) to be distracted from an immediate or important issue.
sidewalk:A paved path for pedestrians at the side of a road.
sideways:To, toward, or from the side.
sidewinders:A pale-coloured, nocturnal, burrowing rattlesnake that moves sideways over sand by throwing its body into S-shaped curves. It is found in the deserts of North America.
siding:A short track at the side of and opening onto a railroad line, used chiefly for shunting or stabling trains.
sidings:A short track at the side of and opening on to a railway line, used chiefly for shunting or stabling trains.
sidle:Walk in a furtive, unobtrusive, or timid manner, especially sideways or obliquely.
sidled:Walk in a furtive, unobtrusive, or timid manner, especially sideways or obliquely.
sidling:A slope or declivity, especially one with a track or road running transversely along its face.
siege:A military operation in which enemy forces surround a town or building, cutting off essential supplies, with the aim of compelling the surrender of those inside.
sieges:A military operation in which enemy forces surround a town or building, cutting off essential supplies, with the aim of compelling those inside to surrender.
sienna:A kind of ferruginous earth used as a pigment in painting, normally yellowish-brown in color (raw sienna) or deep reddish-brown when roasted (burnt sienna).
sierra:A long jagged mountain chain.
siesta:An afternoon rest or nap, especially one taken during the hottest hours of the day in a hot climate.
siestas:An afternoon rest or nap, especially one taken during the hottest hours of the day in a hot climate.
sieve:Put (a food substance or other material) through a sieve.
sieved:Put (a food substance or other material) through a sieve.
sieves:Put (a food substance or other material) through a sieve.
sieving:Put (a food substance or other material) through a sieve.
sift:Put (a fine, loose, or powdery substance) through a sieve so as to remove lumps or large particles.
sifted:(of material) having been passed through a sieve.
sifting:The action of sifting something.
siftings:The action of sifting something.
sifts:Put (a fine or loose substance) through a sieve so as to remove lumps or large particles.
sigh:Emit a long, deep, audible breath expressing sadness, relief, tiredness, or a similar feeling.
sighed:Emit a long, deep audible breath expressing sadness, relief, tiredness, or similar.
sighing:Emit a long, deep audible breath expressing sadness, relief, tiredness, or similar.
sighs:Emit a long, deep audible breath expressing sadness, relief, tiredness, or similar.
sight:Manage to see or observe (someone or something); catch an initial glimpse of.
sighted:(of a person) having the ability to see; not blind.
sighting:An instance of seeing or catching sight of something, typically something unusual or rare.
sightings:An instance of seeing or catching sight of something, typically something unusual or rare.
sightless:Unable to see; blind.
sightly:Pleasing to the eye.
sights:Manage to see or observe (someone or something); catch an initial glimpse of.
sightsee:Visit places of interest in a particular location.
sightseeing:The activity of visiting places of interest in a particular location.
sightseers:A person who goes sightseeing.
sigma:The eighteenth letter of the Greek alphabet (Σ, σ), transliterated as ‘s.’.
sigmoid:Curved like the uncial sigma (C); crescent-shaped.
sign:Write one's name on (a letter, card, or similar item) to identify oneself as the writer or sender.
signal:A gesture, action, or sound that is used to convey information or instructions, typically by prearrangement between the parties concerned.
signalled:Convey information or instructions by means of a gesture, action, or sound.
signalling:Convey information or instructions by means of a gesture, action, or sound.
signalman:A person responsible for sending and receiving naval or military signals.
signalmen:A railway worker responsible for operating signals and points.
signals:Convey information or instructions by means of a gesture, action, or sound.
signatories:A party that has signed an agreement, especially a state that has signed a treaty.
signatory:A party that has signed an agreement, especially a country that has signed a treaty.
signature:A person's name written in a distinctive way as a form of identification in authorizing a check or document or concluding a letter.
signatures:A person's name written in a distinctive way as a form of identification in authorizing a cheque or document or concluding a letter.
signboards:A board displaying the name or logo of a business or product.
signed:Write one's name on (a letter, card, document, etc.) to identify oneself as the writer or sender.
signer:A person who signs a document.
signet:A small seal, especially one set in a ring, used instead of or with a signature to give authentication to an official document.
significance:The quality of being worthy of attention; importance.
significant:Sufficiently great or important to be worthy of attention; noteworthy.
significantly:In a sufficiently great or important way as to be worthy of attention.
signification:The representation or conveying of meaning.
signified:The meaning or idea expressed by a sign, as distinct from the physical form in which it is expressed.
signifier:A sign's physical form (such as a sound, printed word, or image) as distinct from its meaning.
signifies:Be an indication of.
signify:Be an indication of.
signifying:Be an indication of.
signing:The action of writing one's signature on an official document.
signor:A title or form of address used of or to an Italian-speaking man, corresponding to Mr. or sir.
signora:A title or form of address used of or to an Italian-speaking married woman, corresponding to Mrs. or madam.
signors:A title or form of address used of or to an Italian-speaking man, corresponding to Mr or sir.
signpost:Provide (an area) with a signpost or signposts.
signposted:Provide (a route or area) with a signpost or signposts.
signposting:Provide (a route or area) with a signpost or signposts.
signposts:Provide (a route or area) with a signpost or signposts.
signs:Write one's name on (a letter, card, document, etc.) to identify oneself as the writer or sender.
signwriter:A person who paints commercial signs and advertisements.
silage:Preserve (grass and other green fodder) as silage.
silence:Prohibit or prevent from speaking.
silenced:Prevented or prohibited from speaking.
silencer:A device used to reduce the sound of a gun as it is fired.
silencers:A device fixed to the exhaust of a motor vehicle to reduce engine noise.
silences:Prohibit or prevent from speaking.
silencing:Prohibit or prevent from speaking.
silent:Not making or accompanied by any sound.
silently:Without making any sound.
silhouette:Cast or show (someone or something) as a dark shape and outline against a lighter background.
silhouetted:Cast or show (someone or something) as a dark shape and outline against a brighter background.
silhouettes:Cast or show (someone or something) as a dark shape and outline against a brighter background.
silica:A hard, unreactive, colorless compound which occurs as the mineral quartz and as a principal constituent of sandstone and other rocks.
silicate:A salt in which the anion contains both silicon and oxygen, especially one of the anion SiO₄²⁻.
silicates:A salt in which the anion contains both silicon and oxygen, especially one of the anion SiO₄²⁻.
silicon:The chemical element of atomic number 14, a nonmetal with semiconducting properties, used in making electronic circuits. Pure silicon exists in a shiny dark gray crystalline form and as an amorphous powder.
silicone:Join or otherwise treat (something) with a silicone.
silicosis:Lung fibrosis caused by the inhalation of dust containing silica.
silk:A fine, strong, soft lustrous fibre produced by silkworms in making cocoons and collected to make thread and fabric. Silk is also spun by some insect larvae and by most spiders.
silken:Made of silk.
silkier:Of or resembling silk, especially in being soft, fine, and lustrous.
silkiest:Of or resembling silk, especially in being soft, fine, and lustrous.
silkworm:The commercially bred caterpillar of the domesticated silkworm moth (Bombyx mori), which spins a silk cocoon that is processed to yield silk fiber.
silkworms:The commercially bred caterpillar of the domesticated silk moth (Bombyx mori ), which spins a silk cocoon that is processed to yield silk fibre.
silky:Of or resembling silk, especially in being soft, fine, and lustrous.
sillier:A foolish person (often used as a form of address)
silliest:A foolish person (often used as a form of address)
silliness:Lack of common sense or judgment; foolishness.
silly:A foolish person (often used as a form of address)
silo:Isolate (one system, process, department, etc.) from others.
silt:Fine sand, clay, or other material carried by running water and deposited as a sediment, especially in a channel or harbor.
silted:Become filled or blocked with silt.
silting:The process of becoming filled or blocked with silt.
silts:Become filled or blocked with silt.
siltstone:Fine-grained sedimentary rock consisting of consolidated silt.
silver:Coat or plate with silver.
silvered:Coated or plated with silver.
silvering:Silver-colored material used to coat glass in order to make it reflective.
silvers:Coat or plate with silver.
silversmith:A person who makes silver articles.
silversmiths:A person who makes silver articles.
silverware:Dishes, containers, or cutlery made of or coated with silver.
silvery:Like silver in color or appearance; shiny and gray-white.
simeon:(in the Bible) a Hebrew patriarch, second son of Jacob and Leah.
similar:A person or thing similar to another.
similarities:The state or fact of being similar.
similarity:The state or fact of being similar.
similarly:In a similar way.
simile:A figure of speech involving the comparison of one thing with another thing of a different kind, used to make a description more emphatic or vivid (e.g., as brave as a lion, crazy like a fox).
similes:A figure of speech involving the comparison of one thing with another thing of a different kind, used to make a description more emphatic or vivid (e.g. as brave as a lion).
similitude:The quality or state of being similar to something.
simmer:(of water or food) stay just below the boiling point while being heated.
simmered:(of water or food that is being heated) stay just below boiling point while bubbling gently.
simmering:(of water or food that is being heated) stay just below boiling point while bubbling gently.
simmers:(of water or food that is being heated) stay just below boiling point while bubbling gently.
simper:Smile in an affectedly coy or ingratiating manner.
simpered:Smile in an affectedly coy or ingratiating manner.
simpering:Affectedly coy or ingratiating.
simpers:Smile in an affectedly coy or ingratiating manner.
simple:A medicinal herb, or a medicine made from one.
simpleminded:Having or showing very little intelligence or judgment.
simpler:A medicinal herb, or a medicine made from one.
simplest:A medicinal herb, or a medicine made from one.
simpleton:A foolish or gullible person.
simpletons:A foolish or gullible person.
simplex:A simple or uncompounded word.
simplexes:A simple or uncompounded word.
simplicity:The quality or condition of being easy to understand or do.
simplification:The process of making something simpler or easier to do or understand.
simplifications:The process of making something simpler or easier to do or understand.
simplified:Make (something) simpler or easier to do or understand.
simplifier:A person who or thing which simplifies something.
simplifies:Make (something) simpler or easier to do or understand.
simplify:Make (something) simpler or easier to do or understand.
simplifying:Make (something) simpler or easier to do or understand.
simplism:The oversimplification of an issue.
simplistic:Treating complex issues and problems as if they were much simpler than they really are.
simply:In a straightforward or plain manner.
simulacrum:An image or representation of someone or something.
simulate:Imitate the appearance or character of.
simulated:Manufactured in imitation of some other material.
simulates:Imitate the appearance or character of.
simulating:Imitate the appearance or character of.
simulation:Imitation of a situation or process.
simulations:Imitation of a situation or process.
simulator:A machine with a similar set of controls designed to provide a realistic imitation of the operation of a vehicle, aircraft, or other complex system, used for training purposes.
simulators:A machine designed to provide a realistic imitation of the controls and operation of a vehicle, aircraft, or other complex system, used for training purposes.
simulcasts:Broadcast (a simulcast transmission)
simultaneous:Occurring, operating, or done at the same time.
simultaneously:At the same time.
sin:An immoral act considered to be a transgression against divine law.
sinai:An arid mountainous peninsula in northeastern Egypt, extending into the Red Sea between the Gulf of Suez and the Gulf of Aqaba. It was occupied by Israel between 1967 and 1982. In the south is Mount Sinai, where, according to the Bible, Moses received the Ten Commandments (Exod. 19–34).
since:In the intervening period between (the time mentioned) and the time under consideration, typically the present.
sincere:Free from pretense or deceit; proceeding from genuine feelings.
sincerely:In a sincere or genuine way.
sincerest:Free from pretence or deceit; proceeding from genuine feelings.
sincerity:The quality of being free from pretense, deceit, or hypocrisy.
sine:The trigonometric function that is equal to the ratio of the side opposite a given angle (in a right triangle) to the hypotenuse.
sinecure:A position requiring little or no work but giving the holder status or financial benefit.
sinecures:A position requiring little or no work but giving the holder status or financial benefit.
sines:The trigonometric function that is equal to the ratio of the side opposite a given angle (in a right-angled triangle) to the hypotenuse.
sinew:A piece of tough fibrous tissue uniting muscle to bone or bone to bone; a tendon or ligament.
sinews:A piece of tough fibrous tissue uniting muscle to bone; a tendon or ligament.
sinewy:Consisting of or resembling sinews.
sinful:Wicked and immoral; committing or characterized by the committing of sins.
sing:Make musical sounds with the voice, especially words with a set tune.
singalong:An informal occasion when people sing together in a group.
singe:Burn (something) superficially or lightly.
singed:Slightly burnt; scorched.
singeing:Burn (something) superficially or lightly.
singer:A person who sings, especially professionally.
singers:A person who sings, especially professionally.
singes:Burn (something) superficially or lightly.
singing:The activity of performing songs or tunes by making musical sounds with the voice.
single:Choose someone or something from a group for special treatment.
singlehanded:Without help from anyone else.
singlehandedly:Without help from anyone else.
singles:Choose someone or something from a group for special treatment.
singly:One at a time; separately or individually.
sings:Make musical sounds with the voice, especially words with a set tune.
singsong:An informal gathering for singing.
singular:The singular form of a word.
singularity:The state, fact, quality, or condition of being singular.
singularly:In a remarkable or noticeable way.
sinister:Giving the impression that something harmful or evil is happening or will happen.
sinistral:Of or on the left side or the left hand.
sink:Go down below the surface of something, especially of a liquid; become submerged.
sinker:A weight used to sink a fishing line or sounding line.
sinking:Go down below the surface of something, especially of a liquid; become submerged.
sinks:Go down below the surface of something, especially of a liquid; become submerged.
sinless:Free from sin.
sinned:Commit a sin.
sinner:A person who transgresses against divine law by committing an immoral act or acts.
sinners:A person who transgresses against divine law by committing an immoral act or acts.
sinning:Commit a sin.
sins:Commit a sin.
sinter:Make (a powdered material) coalesce into a solid or porous mass by heating it (and usually also compressing it) without liquefaction.
sinuous:Having many curves and turns.
sinus:A cavity within a bone or other tissue, especially one in the bones of the face or skull connecting with the nasal cavities.
sinuses:A cavity within a bone or other tissue, especially one in the bones of the face or skull connecting with the nasal cavities.
sinusitis:Inflammation of a nasal sinus.
sinusoid:A curve having the form of a sine wave.
sip:Drink (something) by taking small mouthfuls.
siphon:Draw off or convey (liquid) by means of a siphon.
siphoned:Draw off or convey (liquid) by means of a siphon.
siphoning:Draw off or convey (liquid) by means of a siphon.
sipped:Drink (something) by taking small mouthfuls.
sipping:Drink (something) by taking small mouthfuls.
sips:Drink (something) by taking small mouthfuls.
sir:Used as a polite or respectful way of addressing a man, especially one in a position of authority.
sire:(of a male animal, especially a stallion) cause the birth of.
sired:(of a male animal, especially a stallion) cause the birth of.
siren:A device that makes a loud prolonged sound as a signal or warning.
sirens:A device that makes a loud prolonged signal or warning sound.
sires:(of a male animal, especially a stallion) cause the birth of.
sirius:The brightest star in the sky, south of the celestial equator in the constellation Canis Major. It is a binary star with a dim companion, which is a white dwarf.
sirloin:The choicer part of a loin of beef.
sirs:Used as a polite or respectful way of addressing a man, especially one in a position of authority.
sis:A person's sister (often used as a form of address)
sisal:A Mexican agave with large fleshy leaves, cultivated for fiber production.
sissy:A person regarded as effeminate or cowardly.
sister:A woman or girl in relation to other daughters and sons of her parents.
sisterhood:The relationship between sisters.
sisterly:Characteristic of or appropriate for a sister or sisters.
sisters:A woman or girl in relation to other daughters and sons of her parents.
sit:Adopt or be in a position in which one's weight is supported by one's buttocks rather than one's feet and one's back is upright.
sitar:A large, long-necked Indian lute with movable frets, played with a wire pick.
sitcom:A situation comedy.
sitcoms:A situation comedy.
site:Fix or build (something) in a particular place.
sited:Fix or build (something) in a particular place.
sites:Fix or build (something) in a particular place.
siting:The action of locating something in a particular place.
sits:Adopt or be in a position in which one's weight is supported by one's buttocks rather than one's feet and one's back is upright.
sitter:A person who sits, especially for a portrait.
sitters:A person who sits, especially for a portrait or examination.
sitting:A continuous period of being seated, especially when engaged in a particular activity.
situate:Fix or build (something) in a certain place or position.
situated:Fix or build (something) in a certain place or position.
situating:Fix or build (something) in a certain place or position.
situation:A set of circumstances in which one finds oneself; a state of affairs.
situational:Relating to or dependent on a set of circumstances or state of affairs.
situations:A set of circumstances in which one finds oneself; a state of affairs.
six:Equivalent to the product of two and three; one more than five, or four less than ten; 6.A group or unit of six people or things.Six years old.Six o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by six.A playing card or domino with six pips.
sixfold:By six times; to six times the number or amount.
sixpence:A coin worth six old pence, withdrawn in 1980.
sixteen:Equivalent to the product of four and four; one more than fifteen, or six more than ten; 16.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by sixteen.Sixteen years old.
sixteenth:Constituting number sixteen in a sequence; 16th.
sixth:Constituting number six in a sequence; 6th.
sixties:The number equivalent to the product of six and ten; ten more than fifty; 60.The numbers from sixty to sixty-nine, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Sixty miles an hour.Sixty years old.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by sixty.
sixtieth:Constituting number sixty in a sequence; 60th.
sixty:The number equivalent to the product of six and ten; ten more than fifty; 60.The numbers from sixty to sixty-nine, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Sixty miles an hour.Sixty years old.
size:Alter or sort in terms of size or according to size.
sizeable:Fairly large.
sized:Having a specified size.
sizes:Alter or sort in terms of size or according to size.
sizing:Alter or sort in terms of size or according to size.
sizzle:(of food) make a hissing sound when frying or cooking.
sizzled:(of food) make a hissing sound when frying or cooking.
sizzling:Very hot.
sjambok:Flog with a sjambok.
skate:An ice skate or roller skate.
skateboard:A short narrow board with two small wheels fixed to the bottom of either end, on which (as a recreation or sport) a person can ride in a standing or crouching position, propelling themselves by occasionally pushing one foot against the ground.
skated:Move on ice skates or roller skates in a gliding fashion.
skater:A person who skates, especially on ice.
skates:Move on ice skates or roller skates in a gliding fashion.
skating:The action or activity of gliding on ice skates or roller skates as a sport or pastime.
skein:A length of thread or yarn, loosely coiled and knotted.
skeletal:Relating to or functioning as a skeleton.
skeleton:An internal or external framework of bone, cartilage, or other rigid material supporting or containing the body of an animal or plant.
skeptic:A person inclined to question or doubt accepted opinions.
sketch:Make a rough drawing of.
sketchbook:A pad or book of drawing paper for sketching on.
sketched:Make a rough drawing of.
sketches:Make a rough drawing of.
sketchiest:Not thorough or detailed.
sketching:Make a rough drawing of.
sketchpad:A pad of drawing paper for sketching on.
sketchy:Not thorough or detailed.
skew:An oblique angle; a slant.
skewed:Suddenly change direction or position.
skewer:Fasten together or pierce with a pin or skewer.
skewered:(of pieces of food) fastened together or pierced with a pin or skewer.
skews:Suddenly change direction or position.
ski:Each of a pair of long narrow pieces of hard flexible material, typically pointed and turned up at the front, fastened under the feet for gliding over snow.
skid:(of a vehicle) slide, typically sideways or obliquely, on slippery ground or as a result of stopping or turning too quickly.
skidding:(of a vehicle) slide, typically sideways or obliquely, on slippery ground or as a result of stopping or turning too quickly.
skied:Hit (a ball) high into the air.
skier:A person who skis.
skiers:A person who skis.
skies:Hit (a ball) high into the air.
skiing:The action of traveling over snow on skis, especially as a sport or recreation. Competitive skiing falls into two categories: Nordic (cross-country racing, jumping, and biathlon) and Alpine (downhill or straight racing, and slalom racing around a series of markers).
skilful:Having or showing skill.
skilfully:With skill or dexterity; cleverly.
skill:Train (a worker) to do a particular task.
skilled:Having or showing the knowledge, ability, or training to perform a certain activity or task well.
skillet:A frying pan.
skillful:Having or showing skill.
skills:Train (a worker) to do a particular task.
skim:Remove (a substance) from the surface of a liquid.
skimmed:Remove (a substance) from the surface of a liquid.
skimmer:A person or thing that skims.
skimming:The removal of a substance from the surface of a liquid.
skimp:Expend or use less time, money, or material on something than is necessary in an attempt to economize.
skimping:Expend or use less time, money, or material on something than is necessary in an attempt to economize.
skimpy:(of clothes) short and revealing.
skims:Remove (a substance) from the surface of a liquid.
skin:Remove the skin from (an animal or a fruit or vegetable)
skincare:The use of cosmetics to care for the skin.
skinflint:A person who spends as little money as possible; a miser.
skinhead:A young man of a subculture characterized by close-cropped hair and heavy boots, often perceived as aggressive.
skinned:Having a skin of a specified type.
skinnier:A skinny person.
skinning:Remove the skin from (an animal or a fruit or vegetable)
skinny:A skinny person.
skins:Remove the skin from (an animal or a fruit or vegetable)
skintight:(of a garment) very close-fitting.
skip:Move along lightly, stepping from one foot to the other with a hop or bounce.
skipped:Move along lightly, stepping from one foot to the other with a hop or bounce.
skipper:Act as captain of.
skippered:Act as captain of.
skipping:Move along lightly, stepping from one foot to the other with a hop or bounce.
skips:Move along lightly, stepping from one foot to the other with a hop or bounce.
skirl:A shrill, wailing sound, especially that of bagpipes.
skirmish:An episode of irregular or unpremeditated fighting, especially between small or outlying parts of armies or fleets.
skirmishing:Irregular or unpremeditated fighting, especially between small or outlying parts of armies or fleets.
skirt:Go round or past the edge of.
skirted:Having or wearing a skirt of a specified kind.
skirting:A wooden board running along the base of an interior wall; a baseboard.
skirts:Go round or past the edge of.
skis:Travel over snow on skis; take part in the sport or recreation of skiing.
skit:A short comedy sketch or piece of humorous writing, especially a parody.
skittish:(of an animal, especially of a horse) excitable or easily scared.
skittle:A game played, chiefly in Britain, with wooden pins, typically nine in number, set up at the end of an alley to be bowled down with a wooden ball or disk.
skittles:Knock over as if in a game of skittles.
skua:A large brownish predatory seabird related to the gulls, pursuing other birds to make them disgorge fish they have caught.
skulduggery:Underhanded or unscrupulous behavior; trickery.
skulk:Keep out of sight, typically with a sinister or cowardly motive.
skulking:Keep out of sight, typically with a sinister or cowardly motive.
skulks:Keep out of sight, typically with a sinister or cowardly motive.
skull:Hit (someone) on the head.
skullcap:A small close-fitting cap without a brim.
skullduggery:Underhand, unscrupulous, or dishonest behaviour or activities.
skulls:Hit (someone) on the head.
skunk:Defeat (someone) overwhelmingly in a game or contest, especially by preventing them from scoring at all.
skunks:Defeat (someone) overwhelmingly in a game or contest, especially by preventing them from scoring at all.
sky:Hit (a ball) high into the air.
skydiver:A person who engages in the sport or activity of skydiving.
skydiving:The sport or activity of jumping from an aircraft and performing acrobatic maneuvers in the air during free fall before landing by parachute.
skylark:A common Eurasian and North African lark of farmland and open country, noted for its prolonged song during hovering flight.
skylight:A window installed in a roof or ceiling.
skyline:An outline of land and buildings defined against the sky.
skyscraper:A very tall building of many stories.
skyward:Toward the sky.
slab:Remove slabs from (a log or tree) to prepare it for sawing into planks.
slabs:Remove slabs from (a log or tree) to prepare it for sawing into planks.
slack:The part of a rope or line which is not held taut; the loose or unused part.
slacked:Loosen (something, especially a rope)
slacken:Make or become slack.
slackening:Make or become slack.
slacker:A person who avoids work or effort.
slacking:Loosen (something, especially a rope)
slacks:Loosen (something, especially a rope)
slag:Stony waste matter separated from metals during the smelting or refining of ore.
slain:Kill (a person or animal) in a violent way.
slake:Quench or satisfy (one's thirst)
slaked:Quench or satisfy (one's thirst)
slalom:Move or race in a winding path, avoiding obstacles.
slam:Shut (a door, window, or lid) forcefully and loudly.
slammed:Shut (a door, window, or lid) forcefully and loudly.
slamming:An insulting and critical attack.
slams:Shut (a door, window, or lid) forcefully and loudly.
slander:Make false and damaging statements about (someone)
slandered:Make false and damaging statements about (someone)
slandering:Make false and damaging statements about (someone)
slanderous:(of a spoken statement) false and malicious.
slanders:Make false and damaging statements about (someone)
slang:Attack (someone) using abusive language.
slanging:Attack (someone) using abusive language.
slant:Slope or lean in a particular direction; diverge or cause to diverge from the vertical or horizontal.
slanted:Sloping or leaning in a particular direction.
slanting:Positioned or directed in a sloping or oblique direction.
slants:Slope or lean in a particular direction; diverge or cause to diverge from the vertical or horizontal.
slantwise:At an angle or in a sloping direction.
slap:Hit or strike with the palm of the hand or a flat object.
slapdash:Hurriedly and carelessly.
slapped:Hit or strike with the palm of the hand or a flat object.
slapper:A vulgar or coarse woman, or one who has many casual sexual relationships.
slapping:Hit or strike with the palm of the hand or a flat object.
slaps:Hit or strike with the palm of the hand or a flat object.
slapstick:Comedy based on deliberately clumsy actions and humorously embarrassing events.
slash:Cut (something) with a violent sweeping movement, typically using a knife or sword.
slashed:(of a garment) having slits to show the lining material or skin beneath.
slasher:A person or thing that slashes.
slashes:Cut with a wide, sweeping movement, typically using a knife or sword.
slashing:Vigorously incisive or effective.
slat:A thin, narrow piece of wood, plastic, or metal, especially one of a series which overlap or fit into each other, as in a fence or a Venetian blind.
slate:Cover (something, especially a roof) with slates.
slated:Cover (something, especially a roof) with slates.
slater:A person who slates roofs for a living.
slaters:A person who slates roofs for a living.
slates:Cover (something, especially a roof) with slates.
slating:Cover (something, especially a roof) with slates.
slats:A thin, narrow piece of wood, plastic, or metal, especially one of a series which overlap or fit into each other, as in a fence or a Venetian blind.
slatted:Having slats.
slaughter:Kill (animals) for food.
slaughtered:Extremely drunk.
slaughterhouse:A place where animals are slaughtered for food.
slaughterhouses:A place where animals are slaughtered for food.
slaughtering:Kill (animals) for food.
slaughters:Kill (animals) for food.
slav:A member of a group of peoples in central and eastern Europe speaking Slavic languages.
slave:Work excessively hard.
slaved:Work excessively hard.
slaver:A person dealing in or owning slaves.
slavered:A person who dealt in or owned slaves.
slavering:A person who dealt in or owned slaves.
slavers:A person who dealt in or owned slaves.
slavery:The state of being a slave.
slaves:Work excessively hard.
slavic:The Slavic languages collectively.
slaving:The practice of capturing and enslaving people or of trading in slaves.
slavish:Relating to or characteristic of a slave, typically by behaving in a servile or submissive way.
slavishly:In a servile or submissive manner.
slavs:A member of a group of peoples in central and eastern Europe speaking Slavic languages.
slay:Kill (a person or animal) in a violent way.
slayed:Kill (a person or animal) in a violent way.
slayer:Someone who kills a person or animal in a violent way.
slayers:Someone who kills a person or animal in a violent way.
slaying:The killing of a person or animal.
slays:Kill (a person or animal) in a violent way.
sleaze:Behave in an immoral, corrupt, or sordid way.
sleazier:(of a person or situation) sordid, corrupt, or immoral.
sleaziest:(of a person or situation) sordid, corrupt, or immoral.
sleazy:(of a person or situation) sordid, corrupt, or immoral.
sled:A vehicle, typically on runners, for conveying goods or passengers over snow or ice, either pushed or pulled, or drawn by horses, dogs, or a motor vehicle.
sledding:The activity of traveling or sliding downhill over snow on a sled.
sledge:Carry (a load or passengers) on a sledge.
sledgehammer:Hit with a sledgehammer.
sledgehammers:Hit with a sledgehammer.
sledges:Travel or slide downhill over snow on a sledge.
sledging:The activity of traveling or sliding downhill over snow on a sled.
sleds:Ride on a sledge.
sleek:Make (the hair) smooth and glossy, typically by applying pressure or moisture to it.
sleeker:Make (hair) smooth and glossy.
sleeks:Make (hair) smooth and glossy.
sleep:A condition of body and mind that typically recurs for several hours every night, in which the nervous system is relatively inactive, the eyes closed, the postural muscles relaxed, and consciousness practically suspended.
sleeper:A person or animal who is asleep or who sleeps in a specified way.
sleepers:A person or animal who is asleep or who sleeps in a specified way.
sleepier:Needing or ready for sleep.
sleepiest:Needing or ready for sleep.
sleepiness:The state of being sleepy.
sleeping:The fact, state, or condition of being asleep.
sleepless:Characterized by or experiencing lack of sleep.
sleeplessness:Inability to sleep; insomnia.
sleeps:Be in a state of sleep; be asleep.
sleepwalk:Walk around and sometimes perform other actions while asleep.
sleepwalking:Walk around and sometimes perform other actions while asleep.
sleepwalks:Walk around and sometimes perform other actions while asleep.
sleepy:Needing or ready for sleep.
sleet:A form of precipitation consisting of ice pellets, often mixed with rain or snow.
sleets:Sleet falls.
sleeve:The part of a garment that wholly or partly covers a person's arm.
sleeveless:(of a garment) having no sleeves.
sleeves:The part of a garment that wholly or partly covers a person's arm.
sleigh:A sled drawn by horses or reindeer, especially one used for passengers.
sleighs:Ride on a sleigh.
sleight:The use of dexterity or cunning, especially so as to deceive.
sleights:The use of dexterity or cunning, especially so as to deceive.
slender:(of a person or part of the body) gracefully thin.
slenderest:(of a person or part of the body) gracefully thin.
slept:Be in a state of sleep; be asleep.
sleuth:A person who investigates crimes; a detective.
sleuths:Carry out a careful investigation into a crime or mystery.
slew:Turn or slide violently or uncontrollably in a particular direction.
slewed:Turn or slide violently or uncontrollably.
slewing:The response of an electronic device to a sudden large increase in input, especially one that causes the device to respond at its maximum rate.
slice:Cut (something, especially food) into slices.
sliced:(of food) cut into slices.
slices:Cut (something, especially food) into slices.
slicing:Cut (something, especially food) into slices.
slick:Make (one's hair) flat, smooth, and glossy by applying water, oil, or cream to it.
slicked:Make (one's hair) flat, smooth, and glossy by applying water, oil, or gel to it.
slicker:A raincoat made of smooth material.
slickest:Make (one's hair) flat, smooth, and glossy by applying water, oil, or gel to it.
slicks:Make (one's hair) flat, smooth, and glossy by applying water, oil, or gel to it.
slid:Move smoothly along a surface while maintaining continuous contact with it.
slide:Move along a smooth surface while maintaining continuous contact with it.
slider:A knob or lever that is moved horizontally or vertically to control a variable, such as the volume of a radio.
sliders:A knob or lever that is moved horizontally or vertically to control a variable, such as the volume of a radio.
slides:Move smoothly along a surface while maintaining continuous contact with it.
sliding:Able to move smoothly along a surface.
slight:Insult (someone) by treating or speaking of them without proper respect or attention.
slighted:Insult (someone) by treating or speaking of them without proper respect or attention.
slighter:Insult (someone) by treating or speaking of them without proper respect or attention.
slightest:Insult (someone) by treating or speaking of them without proper respect or attention.
slighting:Showing a lack of respect; insulting or disparaging.
slightly:To a small degree; not considerably.
slights:Insult (someone) by treating or speaking of them without proper respect or attention.
slily:In a cunning and deceitful or manipulative manner.
slim:Make oneself thinner, especially by dieting.
slime:Cover with slime.
slimes:Cover with slime.
slimier:Covered by or resembling slime.
slimiest:Covered by or resembling slime.
slimline:(of a person or article) slender in design or build.
slimmed:Make oneself thinner, especially by dieting.
slimmer:A person who is dieting to lose weight.
slimmers:A person who is dieting to lose weight.
slimmest:Make oneself thinner, especially by dieting.
slimming:Action taken to lose weight or make oneself thinner, especially by dieting.
slims:Make oneself thinner, especially by dieting.
slimy:Covered by or having the feel or consistency of slime.
sling:Suspend or arrange (something), especially with a strap or straps, so that it hangs loosely in a particular position.
slinging:Suspend or arrange (something), especially with a strap or straps, so that it hangs loosely in a particular position.
slings:Suspend or arrange (something), especially with a strap or straps, so that it hangs loosely in a particular position.
slingshot:Forcefully accelerate through the effect of gravity.
slink:Move smoothly and quietly with gliding steps, in a stealthy or sensuous manner.
slinking:Move smoothly and quietly with gliding steps, in a stealthy or sensuous manner.
slinky:A toy consisting of a flexible helical spring that can be made to somersault down steps.
slip:(of a person or animal) slide unintentionally for a short distance, typically losing one's balance or footing.
slippage:The action or process of something slipping or subsiding; the amount or extent of this.
slipped:(of a flower or leaf) depicted with a stalk.
slipper:A comfortable slip-on shoe that is worn indoors.
slipperiness:The quality or state of being slippery.
slippers:Beat (someone) with a slipper.
slippery:(of a surface or object) difficult to hold firmly or stand on because it is smooth, wet, or slimy.
slipping:The action or fact of sliding unintentionally for a short distance.
slips:Lose one's footing and slide unintentionally for a short distance.
slipshod:(typically of a person or method of work) characterized by a lack of care, thought, or organization.
slipstream:A current of air or water driven back by a revolving propeller or jet engine.
slipup:A minor or careless mistake.
slipway:another term for slip (sense 5 of the noun)
slit:Make a long, narrow cut in (something)
slither:Move smoothly over a surface with a twisting or oscillating motion.
slithered:Move smoothly over a surface with a twisting or oscillating motion.
slithering:Move smoothly over a surface with a twisting or oscillating motion.
slithers:Move smoothly over a surface with a twisting or oscillating motion.
slits:Make a long, narrow cut in.
slitting:Make a long, narrow cut in.
sliver:Cut (something, especially food) into small, thin pieces.
slivers:Cut (something, especially food) into small, thin pieces.
slob:A person who is lazy and has low standards of cleanliness.
slobber:Have saliva dripping copiously from the mouth.
slobbering:The condition of having saliva dripping from the mouth.
slobbers:Have saliva dripping copiously from the mouth.
slobs:Behave in a lazy and slovenly way.
slog:Work hard over a period of time.
slogan:A short and striking or memorable phrase used in advertising.
slogans:A short and striking or memorable phrase used in advertising.
slogged:Work hard over a period of time.
slogging:Work hard over a period of time.
slogs:Work hard over a period of time.
sloop:A one-masted sailboat with a fore-and-aft mainsail and a jib.
slop:(of a liquid) spill or flow over the edge of a container, typically as a result of careless handling.
slope:A surface of which one end or side is at a higher level than another; a rising or falling surface.
sloped:Placed or arranged in a sloping position; inclined.
slopes:(of a surface or line) be inclined from a horizontal or vertical line; slant up or down.
sloping:Inclined from a horizontal or vertical line.
slopped:(of a liquid) spill or flow over the edge of a container, typically as a result of careless handling.
sloppier:Careless and unsystematic; excessively casual.
sloppiest:Careless and unsystematic; excessively casual.
sloppiness:Lack of care and organization; excessive casualness.
slopping:(of a liquid) spill or flow over the edge of a container, typically as a result of careless handling.
sloppy:Careless and unsystematic; excessively casual.
slops:(of a liquid) spill or flow over the edge of a container, typically as a result of careless handling.
slosh:(of liquid in a container) move irregularly with a splashing sound.
sloshed:Drunk.
sloshing:(of liquid in a container) move irregularly with a splashing sound.
slot:Place (something) into a long, narrow aperture.
sloth:Reluctance to work or make an effort; laziness.
slothful:Lazy.
sloths:Reluctance to work or make an effort; laziness.
slots:Place (an object) into a slot, typically one specifically designed to receive it.
slotted:Having one or more long, narrow apertures or slits.
slotting:Place (an object) into a slot, typically one specifically designed to receive it.
slouch:Stand, move, or sit in a lazy, drooping way.
slouched:Stand, move, or sit in a lazy, drooping way.
slouches:Stand, move, or sit in a lazy, drooping way.
slouching:The action or fact of standing, moving, or sitting in a lazy, drooping way.
slough:A swamp.
sloughed:A swamp.
sloughing:A swamp.
slovak:A native or inhabitant of Slovakia, or a person of Slovak descent.
slovenia:A country in southeastern Europe, formerly a constituent republic of Yugoslavia; population 2,100,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Slovene; capital, Ljubljana.
slovenly:(especially of a person or their appearance) messy and dirty.
slow:At a slow pace; slowly.
slowcoaches:A person who acts or moves slowly.
slowdown:An act of slowing down.
slowed:At a slow pace; slowly.
slower:At a slow pace; slowly.
slowest:At a slow pace; slowly.
slowing:At a slow pace; slowly.
slowly:At a slow speed; not quickly.
slowness:The quality of moving or operating at a low speed.
slowpoke:A person who acts or moves slowly.
slows:At a slow pace; slowly.
sludge:Thick, soft, wet mud or a similar viscous mixture of liquid and solid components, especially the product of an industrial or refining process.
slug:Drink (something, typically alcohol) in a large draft; swig.
sluggard:A lazy, sluggish person.
sluggards:A lazy, sluggish person.
slugged:Drink (something, typically alcohol) in a large draught; swig.
slugging:Drink (something, typically alcohol) in a large draught; swig.
sluggish:Slow-moving or inactive.
slugs:Drink (something, typically alcohol) in a large draught; swig.
sluice:Wash or rinse freely with a stream or shower of water.
sluiced:Wash or rinse freely with a stream or shower of water.
sluices:Wash or rinse freely with a stream or shower of water.
sluicing:Wash or rinse freely with a stream or shower of water.
slum:A squalid and overcrowded urban street or district inhabited by very poor people.
slumber:Sleep.
slumbered:Sleep.
slumbering:Sleep.
slumbers:Sleep.
slumming:Spend time at a lower social level than one's own through curiosity or for charitable purposes.
slump:Sit, lean, or fall heavily and limply, especially with a bent back.
slumped:Sit, lean, or fall heavily and limply.
slumping:Sit, lean, or fall heavily and limply.
slumps:Sit, lean, or fall heavily and limply.
slums:Spend time at a lower social level than one's own through curiosity or for charitable purposes.
slung:Suspend or arrange (something), especially with a strap or straps, so that it hangs loosely in a particular position.
slunk:Move smoothly and quietly with gliding steps, in a stealthy or sensuous manner.
slur:Speak (words or speech) indistinctly so that the sounds run into one another.
slurp:Eat or drink (something) with a loud sloppy sucking noise.
slurped:Drink or eat (something) with a loud sucking noise.
slurping:Drink or eat (something) with a loud sucking noise.
slurps:Drink or eat (something) with a loud sucking noise.
slurred:(of spoken words) pronounced indistinctly so that the sounds run into one another.
slurring:Speak (words) indistinctly so that the sounds run into one another.
slurry:A semiliquid mixture, typically of fine particles of manure, cement, or coal suspended in water.
slurs:Speak (words) indistinctly so that the sounds run into one another.
slush:Partially melted snow or ice.
slushed:Make a squelching or splashing sound.
slushes:Make a squelching or splashing sound.
slushier:A partially frozen drink made with crushed ice and sweet, typically fruit-flavoured syrup.
slushiest:A partially frozen drink made with crushed ice and sweet, typically fruit-flavoured syrup.
slushy:A partially frozen drink made with crushed ice and sweet, typically fruit-flavored syrup.
slut:A woman who has many casual sexual partners.
sluts:A woman who has many casual sexual partners.
sly:Having or showing a cunning and deceitful nature.
slyer:Having or showing a cunning and deceitful nature.
slyly:In a cunning and deceitful or manipulative manner.
smack:Strike (someone or something), typically with the palm of the hand and as a punishment.
smacked:Strike (someone or something), typically with the palm of the hand and as a punishment.
smacker:A loud kiss.
smacking:Strike (someone or something), typically with the palm of the hand and as a punishment.
smacks:Strike (someone or something), typically with the palm of the hand and as a punishment.
small:Into small pieces.
smaller:To a small extent.
smallest:To a small extent.
smallholder:A person who owns or manages an agricultural holding smaller than a farm.
smallholders:A person who owns or manages an agricultural holding smaller than a farm.
smallholding:An agricultural holding smaller than a farm.
smallholdings:An agricultural holding smaller than a farm.
smallish:Fairly small.
smallness:The quality of being of a size that is less than normal or usual.
smallpox:An acute contagious viral disease, with fever and pustules usually leaving permanent scars. It was effectively eradicated through vaccination by 1979.
smalls:Into small pieces.
smalltime:Unimportant; minor.
smalltown:Relating to or characteristic of a small town, especially as considered to be unsophisticated or petty.
smart:Intelligence; acumen.
smarted:(of a wound or part of the body) feel or cause a sharp stinging pain.
smarten:Make (something) smarter in appearance.
smartened:Make or become smarter in appearance.
smartening:Make or become smarter in appearance.
smarter:(of a wound or part of the body) feel or cause a sharp stinging pain.
smartest:(of a wound or part of the body) feel or cause a sharp stinging pain.
smarting:The fact or sensation of feeling a sharp stinging pain.
smartly:In a manner showing quick-witted intelligence or skill.
smarts:(of a wound or part of the body) feel or cause a sharp stinging pain.
smash:Violently break (something) into pieces.
smashed:Violently or badly broken or shattered.
smasher:A person or device that breaks something up.
smashes:Violently break (something) into pieces.
smashing:Excellent; wonderful.
smattering:A slight superficial knowledge of a language or subject.
smear:Coat or mark (something) messily or carelessly with a greasy or sticky substance.
smeared:Coat or mark (something) messily or carelessly with a greasy or sticky substance.
smearing:Coat or mark (something) messily or carelessly with a greasy or sticky substance.
smears:Coat or mark (something) messily or carelessly with a greasy or sticky substance.
smegma:A sebaceous secretion in the folds of the skin, especially under a man's foreskin.
smell:Perceive or detect the odor or scent of (something)
smelled:Perceive or detect the odour or scent of (something)
smellier:Having a strong or unpleasant smell.
smelliest:Having a strong or unpleasant smell.
smelling:Perceive or detect the odour or scent of (something)
smells:Perceive or detect the odour or scent of (something)
smelly:Having a strong or unpleasant smell.
smelt:Extract (metal) from its ore by a process involving heating and melting.
smelted:Extract (metal) from its ore by a process involving heating and melting.
smelter:An installation or factory for smelting a metal from its ore.
smelters:An installation or factory for smelting a metal from its ore.
smelting:The extraction of metal from its ore by a process involving heating and melting.
smidgeon:A small amount of something.
smile:Form one's features into a pleased, kind, or amused expression, typically with the corners of the mouth turned up and the front teeth exposed.
smiled:Form one's features into a pleased, kind, or amused expression, typically with the corners of the mouth turned up and the front teeth exposed.
smiles:Form one's features into a pleased, kind, or amused expression, typically with the corners of the mouth turned up and the front teeth exposed.
smiling:The action or fact of smiling.
smirk:Smile in an irritatingly smug, conceited, or silly way.
smirked:Smile in an irritatingly smug, conceited, or silly way.
smirking:Smiling in an irritatingly smug, conceited, or silly way.
smirks:Smile in an irritatingly smug, conceited, or silly way.
smite:Strike with a firm blow.
smith:Treat (metal) by heating, hammering, and forging it.
smithereens:Small pieces.
smiths:Treat (metal) by heating, hammering, and forging it.
smithy:A blacksmith's workshop; a forge.
smiting:Strike with a firm blow.
smitten:Strike with a firm blow.
smock:Decorate (a garment) with smocking.
smocks:Decorate (a garment) with smocking.
smog:Fog or haze combined with smoke and other atmospheric pollutants.
smogs:Fog or haze intensified by smoke or other atmospheric pollutants.
smoke:Emit smoke or visible vapor.
smoked:(of food, especially meat or fish) cured or preserved by exposure to smoke.
smokeless:Producing or emitting little or no smoke.
smoker:A person who smokes tobacco regularly.
smokers:A person who smokes tobacco regularly.
smokes:Emit smoke or visible vapour.
smokescreen:A cloud of smoke created to conceal military operations.
smokestack:A chimney or funnel for discharging smoke from a locomotive, ship, factory, etc. and helping to induce a draft.
smoking:Emitting smoke or visible vapor.
smoky:Filled with or smelling of smoke.
smolder:Burn slowly with smoke but no flame.
smooch:Kiss and cuddle amorously.
smooth:Give (something) a flat, regular surface or appearance by running one's hand over it.
smoothed:Give (something) a flat, regular surface or appearance.
smoother:A device or substance used to give something a flat, regular surface or appearance.
smoothing:Give (something) a flat, regular surface or appearance.
smoothly:In a smooth way.
smoothness:The quality or state of being smooth.
smote:Strike with a firm blow.
smother:Kill (someone) by covering their nose and mouth so that they suffocate.
smothered:(of food) cooked in a covered container.
smoulder:Burn slowly with smoke but no flame.
smouldering:The process of burning slowly with smoke but no flame.
smudge:Cause (something) to become messily smeared by rubbing it.
smudged:Cause (something) to become messily smeared by rubbing it.
smudgy:Having blurred or smeared marks on the surface.
smug:Having or showing an excessive pride in oneself or one's achievements.
smuggle:Move (goods) illegally into or out of a country.
smuggled:Move (goods) illegally into or out of a country.
smuggler:A person who smuggles goods.
smugglers:A person who smuggles goods.
smuggles:Move (goods) illegally into or out of a country.
smuggling:The illegal movement of goods into or out of a country.
smugly:In a way that shows excessive satisfaction or pride in oneself.
smugness:Excessive pride in oneself or one's achievements.
smut:A small flake of soot or other dirt.
smuts:A small flake of soot or other dirt or a mark left by one.
smutty:(of talk, writing, or pictures) obscene or lascivious.
snack:A small amount of food eaten between meals.
snacks:Eat a snack.
snaffle:(on a bridle) a simple bit, typically a jointed one, used with a single set of reins.A bridle with a snaffle bit.
snag:Catch or tear (something) on a projection.
snagged:Catch or tear (something) on a sharp projection.
snagging:The process of checking a new building for minor faults that need to be rectified.
snags:Catch or tear (something) on a sharp projection.
snail:A mollusk with a single spiral shell into which the whole body can be withdrawn.
snails:A mollusc with a single spiral shell into which the whole body can be withdrawn.
snake:Move or extend with the twisting motion of a snake.
snaked:Move or extend with the twisting motion of a snake.
snakes:Move or extend with the twisting motion of a snake.
snakeskin:The skin of a snake, especially as used to make shoes or clothing.
snaking:Move or extend with the twisting motion of a snake.
snaky:Like a snake in appearance; long and sinuous.
snap:Break or cause to break suddenly and completely, typically with a sharp cracking sound.
snapped:Break suddenly and completely, typically with a sharp cracking sound.
snapper:A marine fish that is typically reddish and is valued as food.
snappier:Irritable and inclined to speak sharply; snappish.
snapping:The action of breaking suddenly and completely, typically with a sharp cracking sound.
snappy:Irritable and inclined to speak sharply; snappish.
snaps:Break suddenly and completely, typically with a sharp cracking sound.
snapshot:An informal photograph taken quickly, typically with a small handheld camera.
snapshots:An informal photograph taken quickly, typically with a small handheld camera.
snare:Catch (a bird or mammal) in a snare.
snared:Catch (a bird or mammal) in a snare.
snares:Catch (a bird or mammal) in a snare.
snaring:Catch (a bird or mammal) in a snare.
snarl:(of an animal such as a dog) make an aggressive growl with bared teeth.
snarled:(of an animal such as a dog) make an aggressive growl with bared teeth.
snarling:The action of growling aggressively with bared teeth.
snarls:(of an animal such as a dog) make an aggressive growl with bared teeth.
snatch:Quickly seize (something) in a rude or eager way.
snatched:Quickly seize (something) in a rude or eager way.
snatches:Quickly seize (something) in a rude or eager way.
snatching:Quickly seize (something) in a rude or eager way.
sneak:Move or go in a furtive or stealthy manner.
sneaked:Move or go in a furtive or stealthy way.
sneakers:A soft shoe worn for sports or casual occasions; a trainer.
sneakier:Furtive; sly.
sneakiest:Furtive; sly.
sneakily:In a furtive or sly way.
sneaking:(of a feeling) persistent in one's mind but reluctantly held or not fully recognized; nagging.
sneaks:Move or go in a furtive or stealthy way.
sneaky:Furtive; sly.
sneer:A contemptuous or mocking smile, remark, or tone.
sneered:Smile or speak in a contemptuous or mocking manner.
sneering:The action of smiling or speaking in a contemptuous or mocking manner.
sneers:Smile or speak in a contemptuous or mocking manner.
sneeze:Make a sudden involuntary expulsion of air from the nose and mouth due to irritation of one's nostrils.
sneezed:Make a sudden involuntary expulsion of air from the nose and mouth due to irritation of one's nostrils.
sneezes:Make a sudden involuntary expulsion of air from the nose and mouth due to irritation of one's nostrils.
sneezing:Make a sudden involuntary expulsion of air from the nose and mouth due to irritation of one's nostrils.
snick:Cut a small notch or incision in (something)
snide:An unpleasant or underhanded person or remark.
sniff:Draw in air audibly through the nose to detect a smell, to stop it from running, or to express contempt.
sniffed:Draw up air audibly through the nose to detect a smell, to stop it running, or to express contempt.
sniffer:A person who sniffs, especially one who sniffs a drug or toxic substance.
sniffers:A person who sniffs something.
sniffing:The action of drawing in air audibly through the nose.
sniffle:Sniff slightly or repeatedly, typically because of a cold or fit of crying.
sniffles:Sniff slightly or repeatedly, typically because of a cold or fit of crying.
sniffling:Sniff slightly or repeatedly, typically because of a cold or fit of crying.
sniffs:Draw up air audibly through the nose to detect a smell, to stop it running, or to express contempt.
snifter:A footed glass that is wide at the bottom and tapers to the top, used for brandy and other drinks.
snigger:Laugh in a half-suppressed, typically scornful way.
sniggered:Laugh in a half-suppressed, typically scornful way.
sniggering:Half-suppressed, typically scornful laughter.
sniggers:Laugh in a half-suppressed, typically scornful way.
snip:Cut (something) with scissors or shears, typically with small quick strokes.
snipe:A wading bird of marshes and wet meadows, with brown camouflaged plumage, a long straight bill, and typically a drumming display flight.
sniper:A person who shoots from a hiding place, especially accurately and at long range.
snipers:A person who shoots from a hiding place, especially accurately and at long range.
snipes:Shoot at someone from a hiding place, especially accurately and at long range.
sniping:The action of shooting at someone from a hiding place, especially accurately and at long range.
snipped:Cut (something) with scissors or shears, typically with small quick strokes.
snippet:A small piece or brief extract.
snippets:A small piece or brief extract.
snipping:Cut (something) with scissors or shears, typically with small quick strokes.
snips:Cut (something) with scissors or shears, typically with small quick strokes.
snits:A fit of irritation; a sulk.
snivel:Cry and sniff in a feeble or fretful way.
snivelling:The action of crying and sniffing in a feeble or fretful way.
snob:A person with an exaggerated respect for high social position or wealth who seeks to associate with social superiors and dislikes people or activities regarded as lower-class.
snobbery:The character or quality of being a snob.
snobbish:Relating to, characteristic of, or like a snob.
snobs:A person with an exaggerated respect for high social position or wealth who seeks to associate with social superiors and looks down on those regarded as socially inferior.
snooker:Subject (oneself or one's opponent) to a snooker.
snoop:Investigate or look around furtively in an attempt to find out something, especially information about someone's private affairs.
snooped:Investigate or look around furtively in an attempt to find out something, especially information about someone's private affairs.
snooping:The action of furtively trying to find out something, especially information about someone's private affairs.
snoops:Investigate or look around furtively in an attempt to find out something, especially information about someone's private affairs.
snooze:Have a short, light sleep, especially during the day.
snoozed:Have a short, light sleep, especially during the day.
snoozes:Have a short, light sleep, especially during the day.
snoozing:Have a short, light sleep, especially during the day.
snore:A snorting or grunting sound in a person's breathing while asleep.
snored:Make a snorting or grunting sound while asleep.
snores:Make a snorting or grunting sound while asleep.
snoring:The action or fact of making a snorting or grunting sound while asleep.
snorkel:A short tube for a swimmer to breathe through while keeping their face under water.
snorkelling:The activity or pastime of swimming using a snorkel.
snorkels:Swim using a snorkel.
snort:An explosive sound made by the sudden forcing of breath through one's nose, used to express indignation, derision, or incredulity.
snorted:Make a sudden explosive sound through one's nose, especially to express indignation or derision.
snorting:Make a sudden explosive sound through one's nose, especially to express indignation or derision.
snorts:Make a sudden explosive sound through one's nose, especially to express indignation or derision.
snotty:Full of or covered with nasal mucus.
snout:The projecting nose and mouth of an animal, especially a mammal.
snouts:The projecting nose and mouth of an animal, especially a mammal.
snow:Snow falls.
snowball:Throw snowballs at.
snowballed:Throw snowballs at.
snowballing:Throw snowballs at.
snowballs:Throw snowballs at.
snowbound:Prevented from traveling or going out by snow or snowy weather.
snowcapped:(of a mountain) having a covering of snow on the top.
snowdrift:A bank of deep snow heaped up by the wind.
snowdrifts:A bank of deep snow heaped up by the wind.
snowdrop:A widely cultivated bulbous European plant that bears drooping white flowers during the late winter.
snowdrops:A bulbous European plant which bears drooping white flowers during the late winter.
snowed:Snow falls.
snowfall:A fall of snow.
snowfalls:A fall of snow.
snowfields:A permanent wide expanse of snow in mountainous or polar regions.
snowflake:A flake of snow, especially a feathery ice crystal, typically displaying delicate sixfold symmetry.
snowflakes:A flake of snow, especially a feathery ice crystal, typically displaying delicate sixfold symmetry.
snowing:Snow falls.
snowman:A representation of a human figure created with compressed snow.
snowmen:A representation of a human figure created with compressed snow.
snowplough:Ski with the tips of one's skis pointing inwards in order to slow down or turn.
snowploughs:Ski with the tips of one's skis pointing inwards in order to slow down or turn.
snows:Snow falls.
snowstorm:A heavy fall of snow, especially with a high wind.
snowstorms:A heavy fall of snow, especially with a high wind.
snowy:Covered with snow.
snub:Rebuff, ignore, or spurn disdainfully.
snubbed:Rebuff, ignore, or spurn disdainfully.
snubbing:Rebuff, ignore, or spurn disdainfully.
snubs:Rebuff, ignore, or spurn disdainfully.
snuff:Extinguish (a candle)
snuffbox:A small ornamental box for holding snuff.
snuffed:Extinguish (a candle or flame)
snuffing:Extinguish (a candle or flame)
snuffle:Breathe noisily through the nose due to a cold or crying.
snuffled:Breathe noisily through the nose due to a cold or crying.
snuffles:Breathe noisily through the nose due to a cold or crying.
snuffling:The action of breathing noisily through the nose due to a cold or crying.
snuffs:Extinguish (a candle or flame)
snug:Place (something) safely or cozily.
snugger:Place (something) safely or cosily.
snuggle:Settle or move into a warm, comfortable position.
snuggled:Settle or move into a warm, comfortable position.
snuggles:Settle or move into a warm, comfortable position.
snuggling:Settle or move into a warm, comfortable position.
snugly:In a comfortable, warm, and cozy or well-protected manner.
so:To such a great extent.
soak:Make or allow (something) to become thoroughly wet by immersing it in liquid.
soaked:Extremely wet; saturated.
soaking:An act of wetting something thoroughly.
soakings:An act of wetting something thoroughly.
soaks:Make or allow (something) to become thoroughly wet by immersing it in liquid.
soap:Wash with soap.
soapbox:A box or crate used as a makeshift stand by a public speaker.
soaped:Wash with soap.
soapier:A soap opera.
soapiest:A soap opera.
soaping:Wash with soap.
soaps:Wash with soap.
soapy:Containing or covered with soap.
soar:Fly or rise high in the air.
soared:Fly or rise high in the air.
soaring:Flying or rising high in the air.
soars:Fly or rise high in the air.
sob:Cry noisily, making loud, convulsive gasps.
sobbed:Cry noisily, making loud, convulsive gasps.
sobbing:Noisy crying.
sober:Make or become sober after drinking alcohol.
sobered:Make or become sober after drinking alcohol.
soberer:Make or become sober after drinking alcohol.
sobering:Creating a more serious, sensible, or solemn mood.
soberly:In a serious, sensible, and solemn manner.
sobers:Make or become sober after drinking alcohol.
sobriety:The state of being sober.
sobriquet:A person's nickname.
sobs:Cry noisily, making loud, convulsive gasps.
soccer:A game played by two teams of eleven players with a round ball that may not be touched with the hands or arms during play except by the goalkeepers. The object of the game is to score goals by kicking or heading the ball into the opponents' goal.
sociability:The quality of being sociable.
sociable:An open carriage with facing side seats.
social:An informal social gathering, especially one organized by the members of a particular club or group.
socialisation:The activity of mixing socially with others.
socialise:Partcipate in social activities; mix socially with others.
socialised:Having been made to behave in a way that is acceptable to a particular society.
socialising:The action or practice of participating in social activities or mixing socially with others.
socialism:A political and economic theory of social organization which advocates that the means of production, distribution, and exchange should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole.
socialist:A person who advocates or practices socialism.
socialists:A person who advocates or practises socialism.
socialite:A person who is well known in fashionable society and is fond of social activities and entertainment.
socially:In a way that relates to society or its organization.
socials:An informal social gathering, especially one organized by the members of a particular club or group.
societal:Relating to society or social relations.
society:The aggregate of people living together in a more or less ordered community.
sociobiology:The scientific study of the biological (especially ecological and evolutionary) aspects of social behavior in animals and humans.
sociocultural:Combining social and cultural factors.
socioeconomic:Relating to or concerned with the interaction of social and economic factors.
sociolinguistics:The study of language in relation to social factors, including differences of regional, class, and occupational dialect, gender differences, and bilingualism.
sociolinguists:An expert in or student of sociolinguistics.
sociological:Concerning the development, structure, and functioning of human society.
sociologist:An expert in or student of the development, structure, and functioning of human society.
sociologists:An expert in or student of the development, structure, and functioning of human society.
sociology:The study of the development, structure, and functioning of human society.
sociopolitical:Combining social and political factors.
sock:Hit forcefully.
socked:Hit forcefully.
socket:Place in or fit with a socket.
sockets:Place in or fit with a socket.
socking:Used for emphasis.
socks:Hit forcefully.
socrates:(469–399 BC), ancient Athenian philosopher. As represented in the writings of his disciple Plato, he engaged in dialogue with others in an attempt to reach understanding and ethical concepts by exposing and dispelling error (the Socratic method). Charged with introducing strange gods and corrupting the young, he committed suicide as required.
sod:Cover with sod or pieces of turf.
soda:Carbonated water (originally made with sodium bicarbonate) drunk alone or with liquor or wine.A carbonated soft drink.
sodas:Carbonated water (originally made with sodium bicarbonate) drunk alone or mixed with alcoholic drinks or fruit juice.A sweet carbonated drink.
sodden:Saturate (something) with water.
sodium:The chemical element of atomic number 11, a soft silver-white reactive metal of the alkali metal group.
sodom:A town in ancient Palestine, probably south of the Dead Sea. According to Gen. 19:24 it was destroyed by fire from heaven, together with Gomorrah, for the wickedness of its inhabitants.
sodomise:Have anal intercourse with (someone).
sodomised:Have anal intercourse with (someone).
sodomising:Have anal intercourse with (someone).
sodomite:A person who engages in sodomy.
sodomites:A person who engages in anal sexual intercourse.
sodomy:Sexual intercourse involving anal or oral copulation.
sods:Cover with sods or pieces of turf.
sofa:A long upholstered seat with a back and arms, for two or more people.
sofas:A long upholstered seat with a back and arms, for two or more people.
soffit:The underside of an architectural structure such as an arch, a balcony, or overhanging eaves.
soft:Softly.
softball:A modified form of baseball played on a smaller field with a larger ball, seven rather than nine innings, and underarm pitching. The game evolved during the late 19th century from a form of indoor baseball.
softboiled:(of an egg) boiled for a short time, leaving the yolk soft or liquid.
soften:Make or become less hard.
softened:Make or become soft or softer.
softener:A substance or device that softens something, especially a fabric softener.
softeners:A substance or device that softens something, especially a fabric softener.
softening:Make or become soft or softer.
softens:Make or become soft or softer.
softer:In a quiet or gentle way.
softest:In a quiet or gentle way.
softhearted:Kind and compassionate.
softie:A softhearted, weak, or sentimental person.
softly:In a careful and gentle manner.
softness:The quality of being easy to mold, cut, compress, or fold.
software:The programs and other operating information used by a computer.
softwood:The wood from a conifer (such as pine, fir, or spruce) as distinguished from that of broadleaved trees.
softy:A soft-hearted, weak, or sentimental person.
soggier:Wet and soft.
soggiest:Wet and soft.
soggy:Wet and soft.
soil:The upper layer of earth in which plants grow, a black or dark brown material typically consisting of a mixture of organic remains, clay, and rock particles.
soiled:Dirty; stained.
soiling:The upper layer of earth in which plants grow, a black or dark brown material typically consisting of a mixture of organic remains, clay, and rock particles.
soils:The upper layer of earth in which plants grow, a black or dark brown material typically consisting of a mixture of organic remains, clay, and rock particles.
soiree:An evening party or gathering, typically in a private house, for conversation or music.
sojourn:Stay somewhere temporarily.
sojourned:Stay somewhere temporarily.
sojourning:Stay somewhere temporarily.
sojourns:A temporary stay.
solace:Give comfort or consolation to.
solaces:Comfort or consolation in a time of distress or sadness.
solanum:A plant of a genus that includes the potato and woody nightshade.
solar:Relating to or determined by the sun.
solaria:A room equipped with sunlamps or sunbeds which can be used to acquire an artificial suntan.
solarium:A room fitted with extensive areas of glass to admit sunlight.
sold:Give or hand over (something) in exchange for money.
solder:Join with solder.
soldered:Join with solder.
soldering:A low-melting alloy, especially one based on lead and tin or (for higher temperatures) on brass or silver, used for joining less fusible metals.
solders:Join with solder.
soldier:A person who serves in an army.
soldiered:A person who serves in an army.
soldiering:The activity of serving as a soldier.
soldierly:Having or denoting the qualities associated with soldiers.
soldiers:Serve as a soldier.
soldiery:Soldiers collectively.
sole:Put a new sole on to (a shoe)
solecism:A grammatical mistake in speech or writing.
solecisms:A grammatical mistake in speech or writing.
solely:Not involving anyone or anything else; only.
solemn:Formal and dignified.
solemnities:The state or quality of being serious and dignified.
solemnity:The state or quality of being serious and dignified.
solemnly:In a formal and dignified manner.
solenoid:A cylindrical coil of wire acting as a magnet when carrying electric current.
solenoids:A cylindrical coil of wire acting as a magnet when carrying electric current.
solicit:Ask for or try to obtain (something) from someone.
solicitation:The act of asking for or trying to obtain something from someone.
solicitations:The act of asking for or trying to obtain something from someone.
solicited:Ask for or try to obtain (something) from someone.
soliciting:The action or fact of accosting someone and offering one's or someone else's services as a prostitute.
solicitor:A person who tries to obtain business orders, advertising, etc.; a canvasser.
solicitors:A member of the legal profession qualified to deal with conveyancing, the drawing up of wills, and other legal matters. A solicitor may also instruct barristers and represent clients in some courts.
solicitous:Characterized by or showing interest or concern.
solicits:Ask for or try to obtain (something) from someone.
solicitude:Care or concern for someone or something.
solid:A substance or object that is solid rather than liquid or fluid.
solidarity:Unity or agreement of feeling or action, especially among individuals with a common interest; mutual support within a group.
solidified:Make or become hard or solid.
solidifies:Make or become hard or solid.
solidify:Make or become hard or solid.
solidifying:Make or become hard or solid.
solidity:The quality or state of being firm or strong in structure.
solidly:In a firm or secure manner.
solids:A substance or object that is solid rather than liquid or fluid.
solitaire:Any of various card games played by one person, the object of which is to use up all one's cards by forming particular arrangements and sequences.
solitary:A recluse or hermit.
solitude:The state or situation of being alone.
solitudes:The state or situation of being alone.
solo:A piece or passage of vocal or instrumental music for one performer.
soloing:Perform a piece or passage of music unaccompanied or as the featured musician.
soloist:A singer or other musician who performs a solo.
soloists:A musician or singer who performs a solo.
solstice:The time or date (twice each year) at which the sun reaches its maximum or minimum declination, marked by the longest and shortest days (about June 21 and December 22).
solstices:The time or date (twice each year) at which the sun reaches its maximum or minimum declination, marked by the longest and shortest days (about 21 June and 22 December).
solubility:The ability to be dissolved, especially in water.
soluble:(of a substance) able to be dissolved, especially in water.
solute:The minor component in a solution, dissolved in the solvent.
solutes:The minor component in a solution, dissolved in the solvent.
solution:A means of solving a problem or dealing with a difficult situation.
solutions:A means of solving a problem or dealing with a difficult situation.
solve:Find an answer to, explanation for, or means of effectively dealing with (a problem or mystery)
solved:Find an answer to, explanation for, or means of effectively dealing with (a problem or mystery)
solvency:The possession of assets in excess of liabilities; ability to pay one's debts.
solvent:The liquid in which a solute is dissolved to form a solution.
solvents:The liquid in which a solute is dissolved to form a solution.
solves:Find an answer to, explanation for, or means of effectively dealing with (a problem or mystery)
solving:Find an answer to, explanation for, or means of effectively dealing with (a problem or mystery)
soma:The parts of an organism other than the reproductive cells.
somali:A member of a mainly Muslim people of Somalia.
somalia:A country in northeastern Africa, on the peninsula known as the Horn of Africa; population 10,800,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Mogadishu; languages, Somali and Arabic (both official).
somas:The parts of an organism other than the reproductive cells.
somatic:Relating to the body, especially as distinct from the mind.
sombre:Dark or dull in colour or tone.
sombrero:A broad-brimmed felt or straw hat, typically worn in Mexico and the southwestern US.
some:An unspecified amount or number of.
somebody:Some person; someone.
someday:At some time in the future.
somehow:In some way; by some means.
someone:An unknown or unspecified person; some person.
somersault:An acrobatic movement in which a person turns head over heels in the air or on the ground and lands or finishes on their feet.
somersaulted:An acrobatic movement in which a person turns head over heels in the air or on the ground and lands or finishes on their feet.
somersaulting:Perform a somersault, or make a similar movement accidentally.
somersaults:An acrobatic movement in which a person turns head over heels in the air or on the ground and lands or finishes on their feet.
something:Used for emphasis with a following adjective functioning as an adverb.
sometime:At some unspecified or unknown time.
sometimes:Occasionally, rather than all of the time.
someway:In some way or manner; by some means.
someways:In some way or manner; by some means.
somewhat:To a moderate extent or by a moderate amount.
somewhere:In or to some place.
somnolent:Sleepy; drowsy.
son:A boy or man in relation to either or both of his parents.
sonar:A system for the detection of objects under water and for measuring the water's depth by emitting sound pulses and detecting or measuring their return after being reflected.
sonata:A composition for an instrumental soloist, often with a piano accompaniment, typically in several movements with one or more in sonata form.
sonatas:A composition for an instrumental soloist, often with a piano accompaniment, typically in several movements with one or more in sonata form.
sones:A unit of subjective loudness, equal to 40 phons.
song:A short poem or other set of words set to music or meant to be sung.
songbird:A bird with a musical song.
songbirds:A bird with a musical song.
songbook:A book containing a collection of songs with music.
songs:A short poem or other set of words set to music or meant to be sung.
songsters:A person who sings, especially fluently and skilfully.
songwriter:A person who writes popular songs or the music for them.
songwriters:A person who writes popular songs or the music for them.
songwriting:The activity or process of writing popular songs or the music for them.
sonic:Denoting, relating to, or of the nature of sound or sound waves.
sonnet:A poem of fourteen lines using any of a number of formal rhyme schemes, in English typically having ten syllables per line.
sonnets:A poem of fourteen lines using any of a number of formal rhyme schemes, in English typically having ten syllables per line.
sonny:Used by an older person as a familiar form of address for a young boy.
sonora:A state of northwestern Mexico, on the Gulf of California; capital, Hermosillo.
sonority:The quality or fact of being sonorous.
sonorous:(of a person's voice or other sound) imposingly deep and full.
sons:A boy or man in relation to either or both of his parents.
soon:In or after a short time.
sooner:In or after a short time.
soonest:In or after a short time.
soot:Cover or clog (something) with soot.
soothe:Gently calm (a person or their feelings)
soothed:Gently calm (a person or their feelings)
soothers:Something that has a soothing or comforting effect.
soothes:Gently calm (a person or their feelings)
soothing:Having a gently calming effect.
soothsayer:A person supposed to be able to foresee the future.
soothsayers:A person supposed to be able to foresee the future.
sootier:Covered with or coloured like soot.
soots:A deep black powdery or flaky substance consisting largely of amorphous carbon, produced by the incomplete burning of organic matter.
sooty:Covered with or colored like soot.
sop:Soak up liquid using an absorbent substance.
sophist:A paid teacher of philosophy and rhetoric in ancient Greece, associated in popular thought with moral skepticism and specious reasoning.
sophisticate:Make (someone or something) more sophisticated.
sophisticated:Having, revealing, or proceeding from a great deal of worldly experience and knowledge of fashion and culture.
sophisticates:Make (someone or something) more sophisticated.
sophistication:The quality of being sophisticated.
sophistry:The use of fallacious arguments, especially with the intention of deceiving.
sophists:A paid teacher of philosophy and rhetoric in Greece in the Classical and Hellenistic periods, associated in popular thought with moral scepticism and specious reasoning.
soporific:A drug or other agent that induces sleep.
sopping:Saturated with liquid; wet through.
soppy:Self-indulgently sentimental.
soprano:The highest of the four standard singing voices.
sorbet:A dessert consisting of frozen fruit juice or flavored water and sugar.
sorbets:A water ice.
sorcerer:A person who claims or is believed to have magic powers; a wizard.
sorcerers:A person who claims or is believed to have magic powers; a wizard.
sorceress:A female sorcerer; a witch.
sorcery:The use of magic, especially black magic.
sordid:Involving ignoble actions and motives; arousing moral distaste and contempt.
sore:Extremely; severely.
sorely:To a very high degree or level of intensity (especially of an unwelcome or unpleasant state or emotion)
soreness:Pain in a part of one's body.
sores:Extremely; severely.
sorghum:A widely cultivated cereal native to warm regions of the Old World. It is a major source of grain and of feed for livestock.
sorority:A society for female students in a university or college, typically for social purposes.
sorrel:A European plant of the dock family, with arrow-shaped leaves that are used in salads and cooking for their acidic flavor.
sorrier:Feeling sad or distressed through sympathy with someone else's misfortune.
sorriest:Feeling sad or distressed through sympathy with someone else's misfortune.
sorrow:A feeling of deep distress caused by loss, disappointment, or other misfortune suffered by oneself or others.
sorrowed:Feel or display deep distress.
sorrowful:Feeling or showing grief.
sorrowing:Feeling or displaying deep distress or sadness.
sorrows:Feel or display deep distress.
sorry:Feeling distress, especially through sympathy with someone else's misfortune.
sort:Arrange systematically in groups; separate according to type, class, etc.
sorted:Organized; arranged; fixed up.
sortie:An attack made by troops coming out from a position of defense.
sorties:Come out from a defensive position to make an attack.
sorting:Arrange systematically in groups; separate according to type.
sorts:Arrange systematically in groups; separate according to type.
sos:An international code signal of extreme distress, used especially by ships at sea.
sot:A habitual drunkard.
sotho:A member of a group of peoples living chiefly in Botswana, Lesotho, and northern South Africa.
soubriquet:A person's nickname.
souffle:A low murmuring or blowing sound heard through a stethoscope.
sought:Attempt to find (something)
souk:An Arab market or marketplace; a bazaar.
souks:An Arab market or marketplace; a bazaar.
soul:The spiritual or immaterial part of a human being or animal, regarded as immortal.
soulful:Expressing or appearing to express deep and often sorrowful feeling.
soulless:(of a building, room, or other place) lacking character and individuality.
souls:The spiritual or immaterial part of a human being or animal, regarded as immortal.
sound:Emit or cause to emit sound.
soundcheck:A test of sound equipment before a musical performance or recording to check that the desired sound is being produced.
sounded:Emit or cause to emit sound.
sounder:A herd of wild swine.
soundest:Emit or cause to emit sound.
sounding:The action or process of measuring the depth of the sea or other body of water.
soundless:Making no sound; silent.
soundly:In a way that is secure and reliable.
soundness:The state of being in good condition; robustness.
soundproof:Make (a room or building) resistant to the passage of sound.
soundproofed:Make (a room or building) resistant to the passage of sound.
sounds:Emit or cause to emit sound.
soundtrack:Provide (a movie) with a soundtrack.
soundtracks:Provide (a film) with a soundtrack.
soup:Increase the power and efficiency of an engine or other machine.
soups:Increase the power and efficiency of an engine or other machine.
soupy:Having the appearance or consistency of soup.
sour:Make or become sour.
source:Obtain from a particular source.
sourced:Obtain from a particular source.
sources:Obtain from a particular source.
sourcing:Obtain from a particular source.
soured:(of food) having been made sour.
sourest:Make or become sour.
souring:Make or become sour.
sours:Make or become sour.
soused:(of food, especially fish) preserved in a pickling solution or a marinade.
south:The direction toward the point of the horizon 90° clockwise from east, or the point on the horizon itself.
southbound:Traveling or leading toward the south.
southerly:In or toward a southward position or direction.
southern:Situated in the south or directed toward or facing the south.
southerner:A native or inhabitant of the south, especially of the southern US.
southerners:A native or inhabitant of the south, especially of the southern United States or southern England.
southernmost:Situated furthest to the south.
southward:Toward the south.
southwards:Towards the south.
souvenir:Take as a memento.
souvenirs:Take as a memento.
sovereign:A supreme ruler, especially a monarch.
sovereigns:A supreme ruler, especially a monarch.
sovereignty:Supreme power or authority.
soviet:An elected local, district, or national council in the former Soviet Union.
sow:Plant (seed) by scattering it on or in the earth.
sowed:Plant (seed) by scattering it on or in the earth.
soweto:A large urban area, consisting of several townships, in South Africa southwest of Johannesburg. In 1976 demonstrations against the compulsory use of Afrikaans in schools resulted in violent police activity and the deaths of hundreds of people.
sowing:Plant (seed) by scattering it on or in the earth.
sown:Plant (seed) by scattering it on or in the earth.
sows:Plant (seed) by scattering it on or in the earth.
soy:Protein derived from soybeans, used as a replacement for animal protein in foods and fodder.
soya:Protein derived from soybeans, used as a replacement for animal protein in certain foods; soy.
soybean:The seed of the soybean plant, used in a variety of foods and fodder, especially as a replacement for animal protein.
soybeans:A bean of the soya plant; a soya bean.
spa:A mineral spring considered to have health-giving properties.
space:Position (two or more items) at a distance from one another.
spacecraft:A vehicle used for traveling in space.
spaced:(of two or more items) positioned at a distance from one another, especially a regular or specified distance.
spaceman:An astronaut.
spacemen:An astronaut.
spacer:A component or device used to make a space or division.
spaces:Position (two or more items) at a distance from one another.
spaceship:A spacecraft, especially one controlled by a crew.
spaceships:A spacecraft, especially one controlled by a crew.
spacesuit:A garment designed to allow an astronaut to survive in space.
spacesuits:A garment designed to allow an astronaut to survive in space.
spacey:Out of touch with reality, as though high on drugs.
spacial:Relating to or occupying space.
spacing:(in printing or writing) the amount of space between successive words, letters, or lines.
spacious:(especially of a room or building) having ample space.
spade:Dig in (ground) with a spade.
spaded:Dig over (ground) with a spade.
spades:Dig over (ground) with a spade.
spadework:Routine or difficult preparatory work.
spaghetti:Pasta made in long, slender, solid strings.
spain:A country in southwestern Europe, occupying the greater part of the Iberian peninsula; population 46,100,000 (estimated 2015); languages, Spanish (official), Catalan; capital, Madrid.
spam:Send the same message indiscriminately to (large numbers of recipients) on the internet.
span:(of a bridge, arch, etc.) extend from side to side of.
spandrels:The almost triangular space between one side of the outer curve of an arch, a wall, and the ceiling or framework.
spangle:Cover with spangles or other small sparkling objects or lights.
spangled:Covered with spangles or other small sparkling objects or lights.
spangles:Cover with spangles or other small sparkling objects or lights.
spaniel:A dog of a breed with a long silky coat and drooping ears.
spaniels:A dog of a breed with a long silky coat and drooping ears.
spanish:The people of Spain.
spank:Slap with one's open hand or a flat object, especially on the buttocks as a punishment.
spanked:Slap with one's open hand or a flat object, especially on the buttocks as a punishment.
spanker:A fore-and-aft sail set on the after side of a ship's mast, especially the mizzenmast.
spanking:An act of slapping, especially on the buttocks as a punishment for children.
spankings:An act of slapping, especially on the buttocks as a punishment for children.
spanks:Slap with one's open hand or a flat object, especially on the buttocks as a punishment.
spanned:(of a bridge, arch, etc.) extend from side to side of.
spanner:A wrench.
spanners:A tool with a shaped opening or jaws for gripping and turning a nut or bolt.
spanning:(of a bridge, arch, etc.) extend from side to side of.
spans:(of a bridge, arch, etc.) extend from side to side of.
spar:A thick, strong pole such as is used for a mast or yard on a ship.
spare:Give (something of which one has enough) to (someone); afford to give to.
spared:Give (something of which one has enough) to (someone)
spares:Give (something of which one has enough) to (someone)
sparing:Moderate; economical.
sparingly:In a restricted or infrequent manner; in small quantities.
spark:Emit sparks of fire or electricity.
sparked:Emit sparks of fire or electricity.
sparking:Emit sparks of fire or electricity.
sparkle:Shine brightly with flashes of light.
sparkled:Shine brightly with flashes of light.
sparkler:A handheld firework that emits sparks.
sparklers:A handheld firework that emits sparks.
sparkles:Shine brightly with flashes of light.
sparkling:Shining brightly with flashes of light.
sparkly:Shining with glittering flashes of light.
sparks:A city in western Nevada, just east of Reno; population 88,602 (est. 2008).
sparred:A thick, strong pole such as is used for a mast or yard on a ship.
sparring:A thick, strong pole such as is used for a mast or yard on a ship.
sparrow:A small Old World bird related to the weaverbirds, typically with brown and gray plumage.
sparrowhawk:A small Old World woodland hawk that preys on small birds.
sparrows:A small Old World bird related to the weaver birds, typically with brown and grey plumage.
spars:A thick, strong pole such as is used for a mast or yard on a ship.
sparse:Thinly dispersed or scattered.
sparsely:In a thinly dispersed manner; in small numbers.
sparser:Thinly dispersed or scattered.
sparsest:Thinly dispersed or scattered.
sparta:A city in the southern Peloponnese in Greece, capital of the department of Laconia; population 14,400 (est. 2009). It was a powerful city state in the 5th century BC and defeated its rival Athens in the Peloponnesian War to become the leading city of Greece.
spartan:Showing the indifference to comfort or luxury traditionally associated with ancient Sparta.
spartans:Showing or characterized by austerity or a lack of comfort or luxury.
spas:A mineral spring considered to have health-giving properties.
spasm:A sudden involuntary muscular contraction or convulsive movement.
spasmodic:Occurring or done in brief, irregular bursts.
spasms:Experience sudden involuntary muscular contractions; twitch convulsively.
spastic:A person with cerebral palsy.
spastics:A person with cerebral palsy.
spat:past and past participle of spit
spate:A large number of similar things or events appearing or occurring in quick succession.
spatial:Relating to or occupying space.
spatially:In a way that relates to space and the position, area, and size of things within it.
spats:past and past participle of spit
spatter:Cover with drops or spots of something.
spattered:Cover with drops or spots of something.
spattering:Cover with drops or spots of something.
spatters:Cover with drops or spots of something.
spatula:An implement with a broad, flat, blunt blade, used for mixing and spreading things, especially in cooking and painting.
spatulas:An implement with a broad, flat, blunt blade, used for mixing and spreading things, especially in cooking and painting.
spawn:(of a fish, frog, mollusk, crustacean, etc.) release or deposit eggs.
spawned:(of a fish, frog, mollusc, crustacean, etc.) release or deposit eggs.
spawning:(of a fish, frog, mollusc, crustacean, etc.) release or deposit eggs.
spawns:(of a fish, frog, mollusc, crustacean, etc.) release or deposit eggs.
spay:Sterilize (a female animal) by removing the ovaries.
spayed:Sterilize (a female animal) by removing the ovaries.
spaying:Sterilize (a female animal) by removing the ovaries.
speak:Say something in order to convey information, an opinion, or a feeling.
speaker:A person who speaks.
speakers:A person who speaks.
speaking:The action of conveying information or expressing one's thoughts and feelings in spoken language.
speaks:Say something in order to convey information or to express a feeling.
spear:Pierce or strike with a spear or other pointed object.
spearhead:Lead (an attack or movement)
spearheaded:Lead (an attack or movement)
spears:Pierce or strike with a spear or other pointed object.
special:A thing, such as an event, product, or broadcast, that is designed or organized for a particular occasion or purpose.
specialisation:The process of concentrating on and becoming expert in a particular subject or skill.
specialised:Requiring or involving detailed and specific knowledge or training.
specialises:Concentrate on and become expert in a particular subject or skill.
specialism:An area of activity, work, or study that someone concentrates on or is expert in.
specialist:A person who concentrates primarily on a particular subject or activity; a person highly skilled in a specific and restricted field.
specialists:A person who concentrates primarily on a particular subject or activity; a person highly skilled in a specific and restricted field.
speciality:A pursuit, area of study, or skill to which someone has devoted much time and effort and in which they are expert.
specially:For a special purpose.
specials:A thing, such as a product or broadcast, that is designed or organized for a particular occasion or purpose.
specialty:A pursuit, area of study, or skill to which someone has devoted much time and effort and in which they are expert.
species:A group of living organisms consisting of similar individuals capable of exchanging genes or interbreeding. The species is the principal natural taxonomic unit, ranking below a genus and denoted by a Latin binomial, e.g. Homo sapiens.A group subordinate to a genus and containing individuals agreeing in some common attributes and called by a common name.
specific:A medicine or remedy effective in treating a particular disease or part of the body.
specifically:In a way that is exact and clear; precisely.
specification:An act of describing or identifying something precisely or of stating a precise requirement.
specifications:An act of identifying something precisely or of stating a precise requirement.
specificities:The quality of belonging or relating uniquely to a particular subject.
specificity:The quality of belonging or relating uniquely to a particular subject.
specifics:A medicine or remedy effective in treating a particular disease or part of the body.
specified:Identify clearly and definitely.
specifies:Identify clearly and definitely.
specify:Identify clearly and definitely.
specifying:Identify clearly and definitely.
specimen:An individual animal, plant, piece of a mineral, etc., used as an example of its species or type for scientific study or display.
specious:Superficially plausible, but actually wrong.
speck:Mark with small spots.
speckle:Mark with a large number of small spots or patches of color.
speckled:Covered or marked with a large number of small spots or patches of color.
specks:Mark with small spots.
specs:A pair of spectacles.
spectacle:A visually striking performance or display.
spectacles:another term for glasses
spectacular:An event such as a pageant or musical, produced on a large scale and with striking effects.
spectacularly:In an impressive, dramatic, or eye-catching way.
spectaculars:An event such as a pageant or musical, produced on a large scale and with striking effects.
spectator:A person who watches at a show, game, or other event.
spectators:A person who watches at a show, game, or other event.
spectra:A band of colours, as seen in a rainbow, produced by separation of the components of light by their different degrees of refraction according to wavelength.
spectral:Of or like a ghost.
spectre:A ghost.
spectres:A ghost.
spectrogram:A photographic or other visual or electronic representation of a spectrum.
spectrograph:An apparatus for photographing or otherwise recording spectra.
spectrometer:An apparatus used for recording and measuring spectra, especially as a method of analysis.
spectrometers:An apparatus used for recording and measuring spectra, especially as a method of analysis.
spectrophotometer:An apparatus for measuring the intensity of light in a part of the spectrum, especially as transmitted or emitted by particular substances.
spectrophotometers:An apparatus for measuring the intensity of light in a part of the spectrum, especially as transmitted or emitted by particular substances.
spectroscope:An apparatus for producing and recording spectra for examination.
spectroscopes:An apparatus for producing and recording spectra for examination.
spectroscopy:The branch of science concerned with the investigation and measurement of spectra produced when matter interacts with or emits electromagnetic radiation.
spectrum:A band of colors, as seen in a rainbow, produced by separation of the components of light by their different degrees of refraction according to wavelength.
specular:Relating to or having the properties of a mirror.
speculate:Form a theory or conjecture about a subject without firm evidence.
speculated:Form a theory or conjecture about a subject without firm evidence.
speculates:Form a theory or conjecture about a subject without firm evidence.
speculating:Form a theory or conjecture about a subject without firm evidence.
speculation:The forming of a theory or conjecture without firm evidence.
speculations:The forming of a theory or conjecture without firm evidence.
speculative:Engaged in, expressing, or based on conjecture rather than knowledge.
speculator:A person who invests in stocks, property, or other ventures in the hope of making a profit.
speculators:A person who invests in stocks, property, or other ventures in the hope of making a profit.
speculum:A metal or plastic instrument that is used to dilate an orifice or canal in the body to allow inspection.
sped:Move quickly.
speech:The expression of or the ability to express thoughts and feelings by articulate sounds.
speeches:The expression of or the ability to express thoughts and feelings by articulate sounds.
speechifying:The making of speeches, especially in a tedious or pompous way.
speechless:Unable to speak, especially as the temporary result of shock or some strong emotion.
speed:Move quickly.
speedboat:A motorboat designed for high speed.
speedboats:A motorboat designed for high speed.
speeded:Move quickly.
speedier:Done or occurring quickly.
speediest:Done or occurring quickly.
speedily:Quickly or promptly.
speeding:Move quickly.
speedometer:An instrument on a vehicle's dashboard indicating its speed.
speedometers:An instrument on a vehicle's dashboard indicating its speed.
speeds:Move quickly.
speedup:An increase in speed, especially in a person's or machine's rate of working.
speedway:A stadium or track used for automobile or motorcycle racing.
speedwell:A small creeping herbaceous plant of north temperate regions, with small blue or pink flowers.
speedy:Done or occurring quickly.
spell:Write or name the letters that form (a word) in correct sequence.
spellbinding:Holding one's attention completely as though by magic; fascinating.
spellbound:Hold the complete attention of (someone) as though by magic; fascinate.
spelled:Write or name the letters that form (a word) in correct sequence.
speller:A person who spells with a specified ability.
spellers:A person who spells with a specified ability.
spelling:The process or activity of writing or naming the letters of a word.
spells:Write or name the letters that form (a word) in correct sequence.
spelt:past and past participle of spell
spencer:A short, close-fitting jacket, worn by women and children in the early 19th century.
spend:Pay out (money) in buying or hiring goods or services.
spender:A person who spends money, especially in a specified way.
spending:Give (money) to pay for goods, services, or so as to benefit someone or something.
spends:Give (money) to pay for goods, services, or so as to benefit someone or something.
spendthrift:A person who spends money in an extravagant, irresponsible way.
spent:past and past participle of spend
spermatozoa:The mature motile male sex cell of an animal, by which the ovum is fertilized, typically having a compact head and one or more long flagella for swimming.
spew:Expel large quantities of (something) rapidly and forcibly.
spewed:Expel large quantities of (something) rapidly and forcibly.
spewing:Expel large quantities of (something) rapidly and forcibly.
spews:Expel large quantities of (something) rapidly and forcibly.
sphagnum:A plant of a genus that comprises the peat mosses.
sphere:Enclose in or as if in a sphere.
spheres:Enclose in or as if in a sphere.
spheric:Spherical.
spherical:Shaped like a sphere.
spheroid:A sphere-like but not perfectly spherical body.
sphincter:A ring of muscle surrounding and serving to guard or close an opening or tube, such as the anus or the openings of the stomach.
sphincters:A ring of muscle surrounding and serving to guard or close an opening or tube, such as the anus or the openings of the stomach.
sphinx:A winged monster having a woman's head and a lion's body. It propounded a riddle about the three ages of man, killing those who failed to solve it, until Oedipus was successful, whereupon the Sphinx committed suicide.An ancient Egyptian stone figure having a lion's body and a human or animal head, especially the huge statue near the Pyramids at Giza.An enigmatic or inscrutable person.
sphygmomanometer:An instrument for measuring blood pressure, typically consisting of an inflatable rubber cuff which is applied to the arm and connected to a column of mercury next to a graduated scale, enabling the determination of systolic and diastolic blood pressure by increasing and gradually releasing the pressure in the cuff.
spice:Flavor with spice.
spiced:Flavored with spice.
spices:Flavour with spice.
spicier:Flavoured with or fragrant with spice.
spicing:Flavour with spice.
spicy:Flavored with or fragrant with spice.
spider:Move in a scuttling manner suggestive of a spider.
spiders:Move in a scuttling manner suggestive of a spider.
spidery:Resembling a spider, especially having long, thin, angular lines like a spider's legs.
spied:Work for a government or other organization by secretly obtaining information about enemies or competitors.
spies:Work for a government or other organization by secretly obtaining information about enemies or competitors.
spigot:A small peg or plug, especially for insertion into the vent of a cask.
spike:Impale on or pierce with a sharp point.
spiked:Impale on or pierce with a sharp point.
spikes:Impale on or pierce with a sharp point.
spikier:Having many spikes or sharp projecting points.
spikiest:Having many spikes or sharp projecting points.
spiking:Impale on or pierce with a sharp point.
spiky:Having many spikes or sharp projecting points.
spill:Cause or allow (liquid) to flow over the edge of its container, especially unintentionally.
spillage:The action of spilling a liquid, or the fact of a liquid being spilled.
spillages:The action of spilling a liquid, or the fact of a liquid being spilled.
spilled:Cause or allow (liquid) to flow over the edge of its container, especially unintentionally.
spilling:Cause or allow (liquid) to flow over the edge of its container, especially unintentionally.
spills:Cause or allow (liquid) to flow over the edge of its container, especially unintentionally.
spilt:Cause or allow (liquid) to flow over the edge of its container, especially unintentionally.
spin:Turn or cause to turn or whirl around quickly.
spinach:A widely cultivated edible Asian plant of the goosefoot family, with large, dark green leaves that are eaten raw or cooked as a vegetable.
spinal:Relating to the spine.
spindle:Impale (a piece of paper) on a metal spindle for temporary filing purposes.
spindles:A slender rounded rod with tapered ends used in hand spinning to twist and wind thread from a mass of wool or flax held on a distaff.
spindly:(of a person or limb) long or tall and thin.
spindrift:Spray blown from the crests of waves by the wind.
spine:A series of vertebrae extending from the skull to the small of the back, enclosing the spinal cord and providing support for the thorax and abdomen; the backbone.
spinechilling:(of a story or film) inspiring terror and excitement.
spineless:Having no spine or backbone; invertebrate.
spines:A series of vertebrae extending from the skull to the small of the back, enclosing the spinal cord and providing support for the thorax and abdomen; the backbone.
spinet:A small harpsichord with the strings set obliquely to the keyboard, popular in the 18th century.
spinnaker:A large three-cornered sail, typically bulging when full, set forward of the mainsail of a yacht when running before the wind.
spinner:A person occupied in making thread by spinning.
spinners:A person occupied in making thread by spinning.
spinney:A small area of trees and bushes.
spinning:The action or process of converting fibers into thread or yarn.
spinoff:A by-product or incidental result of a larger project.
spins:Turn or cause to turn or whirl round quickly.
spinster:An unmarried woman, typically an older woman beyond the usual age for marriage.
spinsters:An unmarried woman, typically an older woman beyond the usual age for marriage.
spiny:Full of or covered with prickles.
spiral:Move in a spiral course.
spiralling:Having or forming a spiral shape.
spirals:Move in a spiral course.
spirant:A spirant consonant; a fricative.
spire:A tapering conical or pyramidal structure on the top of a building, typically a church tower.
spires:A tapering conical or pyramidal structure on the top of a building, typically a church tower.
spirit:Convey rapidly and secretly.
spirited:Full of energy, enthusiasm, and determination.
spiritless:Lacking courage, vigor, or vivacity.
spirits:Convey rapidly and secretly.
spiritual:A religious song of a kind associated with black Christians of the southern US, and thought to derive from the combination of European hymns and African musical elements by black slaves.
spiritualism:A system of belief or religious practice based on supposed communication with the spirits of the dead, especially through mediums.
spiritualist:A person who believes that the spirits of the dead can communicate with living people.
spirituality:The quality of being concerned with the human spirit or soul as opposed to material or physical things.
spiritually:In a way that relates to or affects the human spirit or soul as opposed to material or physical things.
spirituals:A religious song of a kind associated with black Christians of the southern US, and thought to derive from the combination of European hymns and African musical elements by black slaves.
spit:Eject saliva forcibly from one's mouth, sometimes as a gesture of contempt or anger.
spite:Deliberately hurt, annoy, or offend (someone)
spiteful:Showing or caused by malice.
spitfire:A person with a fierce temper.
spitting:Eject saliva forcibly from one's mouth, sometimes as a gesture of contempt or anger.
spittle:Saliva, especially as ejected from the mouth.
spittoon:A metal or earthenware pot typically having a funnel-shaped top, used for spitting into.
splash:Cause (liquid) to strike or fall on something in irregular drops.
splashed:Cause (liquid) to strike or fall on something in irregular drops.
splashes:Cause (liquid) to strike or fall on something in irregular drops.
splashing:Cause (liquid) to strike or fall on something in irregular drops.
splashy:Characterized by water flying about noisily in irregular drops.
splat:A piece of thin wood in the center of a chair back.
splatter:Splash with a sticky or viscous liquid.
splattered:Splash with a liquid, typically a thick or viscous one.
splattering:Splash with a liquid, typically a thick or viscous one.
splayed:(especially of limbs or fingers) spread out and apart.
spleen:An abdominal organ involved in the production and removal of blood cells in most vertebrates and forming part of the immune system.
splendid:Magnificent; very impressive.
splendidly:In a magnificent or very impressive manner.
splendour:Magnificent and splendid appearance; grandeur.
splenetic:Bad-tempered; spiteful.
splice:Join or connect (a rope or ropes) by interweaving the strands.
splices:Join or connect (a rope or ropes) by interweaving the strands at the ends.
splicing:Join or connect (a rope or ropes) by interweaving the strands at the ends.
spline:Fit or secure by means of a spline.
splines:Fit or secure by means of a spline.
splint:Secure (a broken limb) with a splint or splints.
splinter:Break or cause to break into small sharp fragments.
splintered:Break or cause to break into small sharp fragments.
splintering:Break or cause to break into small sharp fragments.
split:Break or cause to break forcibly into parts, especially into halves or along the grain.
splits:Break or cause to break forcibly into parts, especially into halves or along the grain.
splitter:A person or thing occupied in or designed for splitting something.
splitters:A person or thing occupied in or designed for splitting something.
splitting:The action of dividing or being divided into parts.
splodge:Mark with a large blob or smear of something.
splodges:Mark with a large blob or smear of something.
splotches:Mark with a blot or smear of something.
splurge:Spend (money) freely or extravagantly.
splutter:Make a series of short explosive spitting or choking sounds.
spluttered:Make a series of short explosive spitting or choking sounds.
spluttering:Making or characterized by explosive spitting or choking noises.
splutters:Make a series of short explosive spitting or choking sounds.
spoil:Diminish or destroy the value or quality of.
spoilage:The action of spoiling, especially the deterioration of food and perishable goods.
spoiled:(of a person, especially a child) harmed in character by being treated too leniently or indulgently.
spoiler:A description of an important plot development in a television show, movie, or book which if previously known may reduce surprise or suspense for a first-time viewer or reader.
spoilers:A description of an important plot development in a television show, film, or book which if previously known may reduce surprise or suspense for a first-time viewer or reader.
spoiling:Diminish or destroy the value or quality of.
spoils:Diminish or destroy the value or quality of.
spoilsport:A person who behaves in a way that spoils others' pleasure, especially by not joining in an activity.
spoilt:Diminish or destroy the value or quality of.
spoke:Each of the bars or wire rods connecting the center of a wheel to its outer edge.
spoken:past participle of speak
spokes:Each of the bars or wire rods connecting the centre of a wheel to its outer edge.
spokeshave:Shape with a spokeshave.
spokeshaves:Shape with a spokeshave.
spokesman:A person who makes statements on behalf of a group or individual.
spokesmen:A person who makes statements on behalf of a group or individual.
spokespeople:A spokesman or spokeswoman (used as a neutral alternative)
spokesperson:A spokesman or spokeswoman (used as a neutral alternative)
spokespersons:A spokesman or spokeswoman (used as a neutral alternative)
spokeswoman:A woman who makes statements on behalf of a group or individual.
spokeswomen:A woman who makes statements on behalf of a group or individual.
sponge:Wipe, rub, or clean with a wet sponge or cloth.
sponged:Wipe or clean with a wet sponge or cloth.
sponger:A person who lives at others' expense.
sponges:Wipe or clean with a wet sponge or cloth.
spongier:Like a sponge, especially in being porous, compressible, or absorbent.
spongiest:Like a sponge, especially in being porous, compressible, or absorbent.
sponging:Wipe or clean with a wet sponge or cloth.
spongy:Like a sponge, especially in being porous, compressible, elastic, or absorbent.
sponsor:Provide funds for (a project or activity or the person carrying it out)
sponsored:(of a project, activity, etc.) provided with funding by a particular organization or body.
sponsoring:Provide funds for (a project or activity or the person carrying it out)
sponsors:Provide funds for (a project or activity or the person carrying it out)
sponsorship:The position of being a sponsor.
sponsorships:The position of being a sponsor.
spontaneity:The condition of being spontaneous; spontaneous behavior or action.
spontaneous:Performed or occurring as a result of a sudden inner impulse or inclination and without premeditation or external stimulus.
spontaneously:As a result of a sudden impulse and without premeditation.
spoof:Imitate (something) while exaggerating its characteristic features for comic effect.
spoofs:Imitate (something) while exaggerating its characteristic features for comic effect.
spook:Frighten; unnerve.
spooked:Frighten; unnerve.
spooking:Frighten; unnerve.
spooks:Frighten; unnerve.
spooky:Sinister or ghostly in a way that causes fear and unease.
spool:Wind (magnetic tape, thread, etc.) on to a spool.
spooled:Wind (magnetic tape, thread, etc.) on to a spool.
spooling:Wind (magnetic tape, thread, etc.) on to a spool.
spools:Wind (magnetic tape, thread, etc.) on to a spool.
spoon:Convey (food) somewhere by using a spoon.
spooned:Put (food) into or on something with a spoon.
spoonful:As much as can be contained in a spoon.
spoonfuls:As much as can be contained in a spoon.
spooning:Put (food) into or on something with a spoon.
spoons:Put (food) into or on something with a spoon.
spoor:Follow the track or scent of (an animal or person)
sporadic:Occurring at irregular intervals or only in a few places; scattered or isolated.
sporadically:Occasionally or at irregular intervals.
spore:A minute, typically one-celled, reproductive unit capable of giving rise to a new individual without sexual fusion, characteristic of lower plants, fungi, and protozoans.
spores:A minute, typically one-celled, reproductive unit capable of giving rise to a new individual without sexual fusion, characteristic of lower plants, fungi, and protozoans.
sporran:A small pouch worn around the waist so as to hang in front of the kilt as part of men's Scottish Highland dress.
sporrans:A small pouch worn around the waist so as to hang in front of the kilt as part of men's Scottish Highland dress.
sport:Wear or display (a distinctive or noticeable item)
sported:Wear or display (a distinctive item)
sporting:Connected with or interested in sports.
sportingly:In a fair or generous manner.
sportive:Playful; lighthearted.
sports:Wear or display (a distinctive item)
sportsman:A man who takes part in a sport, especially as a professional.
sportsmanship:Fair and generous behavior or treatment of others, especially in a sports contest.
sportsmen:A man who takes part in a sport, especially as a professional.
sportswear:Clothes worn for casual outdoor use or for such sports activities as jogging, cycling, tennis, sailing, etc.
sporty:Flashy or showy in dress or behavior.
spot:See, notice, or recognize (someone or something) that is difficult to detect or that one is searching for.
spotless:Absolutely clean or pure; immaculate.
spotlight:Illuminate with a spotlight.
spotlighting:Illuminate with a spotlight.
spotlights:Illuminate with a spotlight.
spotlit:Illuminate with a spotlight.
spots:See, notice, or recognize (someone or something) that is difficult to detect or that one is searching for.
spotted:Marked or decorated with spots.
spotter:An aviator or aircraft employed in locating or observing enemy positions.
spotters:A person who looks for or observes a particular thing as a hobby or job.
spottier:Marked with spots.
spottiest:Marked with spots.
spotting:See, notice, or recognize (someone or something) that is difficult to detect or that one is searching for.
spotty:Marked with spots.
spouse:A husband or wife, considered in relation to their partner.
spouses:A husband or wife, considered in relation to their partner.
spout:Send out (liquid) forcibly in a stream.
spouted:(of a container) having a tube or lip through which liquid can be poured.
spouting:Send out (liquid) forcibly in a stream.
spouts:Send out (liquid) forcibly in a stream.
sprain:Wrench or twist the ligaments of (an ankle, wrist, or other joint) violently so as to cause pain and swelling but not dislocation.
sprained:Wrench or twist the ligaments of (an ankle, wrist, or other joint) violently so as to cause pain and swelling but not dislocation.
spraining:Wrench or twist the ligaments of (an ankle, wrist, or other joint) violently so as to cause pain and swelling but not dislocation.
sprains:Wrench or twist the ligaments of (an ankle, wrist, or other joint) violently so as to cause pain and swelling but not dislocation.
sprang:Move or jump suddenly or rapidly upwards or forwards.
sprat:A small marine fish of the herring family, widely caught for food and fish products.
sprats:Fish for sprats.
sprawl:Sit, lie, or fall with one's arms and legs spread out in an ungainly or awkward way.
sprawled:Sit, lie, or fall with one's arms and legs spread out in an ungainly way.
sprawling:Spreading out over a large area in an untidy or irregular way.
sprawls:Sit, lie, or fall with one's arms and legs spread out in an ungainly way.
spray:Apply (liquid) to someone or something in the form of a shower of tiny drops.
sprayed:Apply (liquid) to someone or something in the form of tiny drops.
sprayer:A device, vehicle, or aircraft used for spraying liquids.
spraying:Apply (liquid) to someone or something in the form of tiny drops.
sprays:Apply (liquid) to someone or something in the form of tiny drops.
spread:Open out (something) so as to extend its surface area, width, or length.
spreadeagled:Stretch (someone) out with their arms and legs extended.
spreaders:A device used for spreading or scattering a substance over a wide area.
spreading:Open out (something) so as to extend its surface area, width, or length.
spreads:Open out (something) so as to extend its surface area, width, or length.
spreadsheet:An electronic document in which data is arranged in the rows and columns of a grid and can be manipulated and used in calculations.
spree:A spell or sustained period of unrestrained activity of a particular kind.
spreeing:Take part in a spree.
sprig:Decorate (pottery) with small, separately molded designs.
sprightlier:(especially of an old person) lively; full of energy.
sprightliest:(especially of an old person) lively; full of energy.
sprightly:(especially of an old person) lively; full of energy.
sprigs:Decorate (pottery) with small, separately moulded designs.
spring:Move or jump suddenly or rapidly upward or forward.
springboard:A strong, flexible board from which someone can jump in order to gain added impetus when performing a dive or a gymnastic movement.
springboards:A strong, flexible board from which someone may jump in order to gain added impetus when performing a dive or a gymnastic movement.
springbok:A gazelle with a characteristic habit of leaping (pronking) when disturbed, forming large herds on arid plains in southern Africa.
springboks:A gazelle with a characteristic habit of leaping (pronking) when disturbed, forming large herds on plains in southern Africa.
springer:A small spaniel of a breed originally used to spring game. There are two main breeds, the English springer spaniel, typically black and white or brown and white, and the less common red and white Welsh springer spaniel.
springier:Springing back quickly when squeezed or stretched; elastic.
springiest:Springing back quickly when squeezed or stretched; elastic.
springing:Move or jump suddenly or rapidly upwards or forwards.
springs:Move or jump suddenly or rapidly upwards or forwards.
springtime:The season of spring.
springy:Springing back quickly when squeezed or stretched; elastic.
sprinkle:Scatter or pour small drops or particles of a substance over (an object or surface)
sprinkled:Cover (an object or surface) with small drops or particles of a substance.
sprinkler:A device that sprays water.
sprinklers:A device that sprays water.
sprinkles:Cover (an object or surface) with small drops or particles of a substance.
sprinkling:A small thinly distributed amount of something.
sprint:Run at full speed over a short distance.
sprinted:Run at full speed over a short distance.
sprinter:An athlete who races over short distances.
sprinters:An athlete who races over short distances.
sprinting:The competitive athletic sport of running distances of 400 meters or less.
sprints:Run at full speed over a short distance.
sprite:An elf or fairy.
sprites:An elf or fairy.
sprocket:Each of several projections on the rim of a wheel that engage with the links of a chain or with holes in film, tape, or paper.
sprockets:Each of several projections on the rim of a wheel that engage with the links of a chain or with holes in film, tape, or paper.
sprout:(of a plant) put forth shoots.
sprouted:(of a plant) put out shoots.
sprouting:(of a plant) put out shoots.
sprouts:(of a plant) put out shoots.
spruce:A widespread coniferous tree which has a distinctive conical shape and hanging cones, widely grown for timber, pulp, and Christmas trees.
spruced:A widespread coniferous tree which has a distinctive conical shape and hanging cones, widely grown for timber, pulp, and Christmas trees.
sprucing:A widespread coniferous tree which has a distinctive conical shape and hanging cones, widely grown for timber, pulp, and Christmas trees.
sprung:(of a vehicle or item of furniture) fitted or cushioned with springs.
spry:(especially of an old person) active; lively.
spud:Dig up or cut (plants, especially weeds) with a spud.
spume:Froth or foam, especially that found on waves.
spun:Turn or cause to turn or whirl round quickly.
spunky:Courageous and determined.
spur:Urge (a horse) forward by digging one's spurs into its sides.
spurge:A herbaceous plant or shrub with milky latex and very small, typically greenish, flowers. Many kinds are cultivated as ornamentals and some are of commercial importance.
spurges:A herbaceous plant or shrub with milky latex and very small, typically greenish, flowers. Many kinds are cultivated as ornamentals and some are of commercial importance.
spurious:Not being what it purports to be; false or fake.
spurn:Reject with disdain or contempt.
spurned:Reject with disdain or contempt.
spurning:Reject with disdain or contempt.
spurns:Reject with disdain or contempt.
spurred:(of a rider or their boots) having a spiked device on the heels for urging a horse forward.
spurring:Urge (a horse) forward by digging one's spurs into its sides.
spurs:Urge (a horse) forward by digging one's spurs into its sides.
spurt:Gush out in a sudden and forceful stream.
spurted:Gush out in a sudden and forceful stream.
spurting:Gush out in a sudden and forceful stream.
spurts:Gush out in a sudden and forceful stream.
sputnik:Each of a series of Soviet artificial satellites, the first of which (launched on October 4, 1957) was the first satellite to be placed in orbit.
sputniks:Each of a series of Soviet artificial satellites, the first of which (launched on 4 October 1957) was the first satellite to be placed in orbit.
sputter:Make a series of soft explosive sounds, typically when being heated or as a symptom of a fault.
sputtered:Make a series of soft explosive or spitting sounds.
sputtering:Make a series of soft explosive or spitting sounds.
sputum:A mixture of saliva and mucus coughed up from the respiratory tract, typically as a result of infection or other disease and often examined microscopically to aid medical diagnosis.
spy:A person who secretly collects and reports information on the activities, movements, and plans of an enemy or competitor.
spyglass:A small handheld telescope.
spyhole:A peephole, especially one in a door for observing callers before opening.
squabble:A noisy quarrel about something petty or trivial.
squabbled:Quarrel noisily over a trivial matter.
squabbles:Quarrel noisily over a trivial matter.
squabbling:Quarrel noisily over a trivial matter.
squad:A small group of people having a particular task.
squadron:An operational unit in an air force consisting of two or more flights of aircraft and the personnel required to fly them.
squadrons:An operational unit in an air force consisting of two or more flights of aircraft and the personnel required to fly them.
squads:A small group of people having a particular task.
squalid:(of a place) extremely dirty and unpleasant, especially as a result of poverty or neglect.
squall:A sudden violent gust of wind or a localized storm, especially one bringing rain, snow, or sleet.
squalling:(of a baby or small child) cry noisily and continuously.
squalls:(of a baby or small child) cry noisily and continuously.
squally:(of weather) characterized by squalls.
squalor:The state of being extremely dirty and unpleasant, especially as a result of poverty or neglect.
squander:Waste (something, especially money or time) in a reckless and foolish manner.
squandered:Waste (something, especially money or time) in a reckless and foolish manner.
squandering:Waste (something, especially money or time) in a reckless and foolish manner.
squanders:Waste (something, especially money or time) in a reckless and foolish manner.
square:A plane figure with four equal straight sides and four right angles.
squared:Marked out in squares.
squarely:Directly, without deviating to one side.
squares:Make square or rectangular; give a square or rectangular cross section to.
squaring:Make square or rectangular; give a square or rectangular cross section to.
squash:Crush or squeeze (something) with force so that it becomes flat, soft, or out of shape.
squashed:Flat, soft, or out of shape as a result of being crushed or squeezed with force.
squashes:Crush or squeeze (something) with force so that it becomes flat, soft, or out of shape.
squashier:Easily crushed or squeezed into a different shape; having a soft consistency.
squashiest:Easily crushed or squeezed into a different shape; having a soft consistency.
squashing:Crush or squeeze (something) with force so that it becomes flat, soft, or out of shape.
squashy:Easily crushed or squeezed into a different shape; having a soft consistency.
squat:Crouch or sit with one's knees bent and one's heels close to or touching one's buttocks or the back of one's thighs.
squats:Crouch or sit with one's knees bent and one's heels close to or touching one's buttocks or the back of one's thighs.
squatted:Crouch or sit with one's knees bent and one's heels close to or touching one's buttocks or the back of one's thighs.
squatter:A person who unlawfully occupies an uninhabited building or unused land.
squatters:A person who unlawfully occupies an uninhabited building or unused land.
squatting:Crouch or sit with one's knees bent and one's heels close to or touching one's buttocks or the back of one's thighs.
squaw:A North American Indian woman or wife.
squawk:(of a bird) make a loud, harsh noise.
squawked:(of a bird) make a loud, harsh noise.
squawking:(of a bird) make a loud, harsh noise.
squawks:(of a bird) make a loud, harsh noise.
squeak:A short, high-pitched sound or cry.
squeaked:Make a high-pitched sound or cry.
squeaker:A person or thing that squeaks.
squeakier:Having or making a high-pitched sound or cry.
squeakiest:Having or making a high-pitched sound or cry.
squeaking:Make a high-pitched sound or cry.
squeaks:Make a high-pitched sound or cry.
squeaky:Having or making a high-pitched sound or cry.
squeal:A long, high-pitched cry or noise.
squealed:Make a squeal.
squealer:A person who makes a long, high-pitched cry or noise.
squealing:Make a squeal.
squeals:Make a squeal.
squeamish:(of a person) easily made to feel sick, faint, or disgusted, especially by unpleasant images, such as the sight of blood.
squeegee:Clean or scrape (something) with a squeegee.
squeeze:Firmly press (something soft or yielding), typically with one's fingers.
squeezed:Firmly press (something soft or yielding), typically with one's fingers.
squeezes:Firmly press (something soft or yielding), typically with one's fingers.
squeezing:Firmly press (something soft or yielding), typically with one's fingers.
squeezy:(especially of a container) flexible and able to be squeezed to force out the contents.
squelch:Make a soft sucking sound such as that made by walking heavily through mud.
squelched:Make a soft sucking sound such as that made by treading heavily through mud.
squelching:Make a soft sucking sound such as that made by treading heavily through mud.
squib:Kick (the ball) a comparatively short distance on a kickoff; execute (a kick) in this way.
squibs:Kick (the ball) a comparatively short distance on a kick-off; execute (a kick) in this way.
squid:An elongated, fast-swimming cephalopod mollusk with ten arms (technically, eight arms and two long tentacles), typically able to change color.
squids:Fish using squid as bait.
squiggle:A short line that curls and loops in an irregular way.
squiggles:Wriggle; squirm.
squint:Look at someone or something with one or both eyes partly closed in an attempt to see more clearly or as a reaction to strong light.
squinted:Look at someone or something with one or both eyes partly closed in an attempt to see more clearly or as a reaction to strong light.
squinting:Look at someone or something with one or both eyes partly closed in an attempt to see more clearly or as a reaction to strong light.
squints:Look at someone or something with one or both eyes partly closed in an attempt to see more clearly or as a reaction to strong light.
squire:(of a man) accompany or escort (a woman)
squirearchy:Landowners collectively, especially when considered as a class having political or social influence.
squires:(of a man) accompany or escort (a woman)
squirm:Wriggle or twist the body from side to side, especially as a result of nervousness or discomfort.
squirmed:Wriggle or twist the body from side to side, especially as a result of nervousness or discomfort.
squirming:Wriggle or twist the body from side to side, especially as a result of nervousness or discomfort.
squirms:Wriggle or twist the body from side to side, especially as a result of nervousness or discomfort.
squirrel:Move in an inquisitive and restless manner.
squirrelled:Move in an inquisitive and restless manner.
squirrels:Move in an inquisitive and restless manner.
squirt:Cause (a liquid) to be ejected from a small opening in a thin, fast stream or jet.
squirted:Cause (a liquid) to be ejected from a small opening in a thin, fast stream or jet.
squirting:Cause (a liquid) to be ejected from a small opening in a thin, fast stream or jet.
squirts:Cause (a liquid) to be ejected from a small opening in a thin, fast stream or jet.
stab:(of a person) thrust a knife or other pointed weapon into (someone) so as to wound or kill.
stabbed:Thrust a knife or other pointed weapon into (someone) so as to wound or kill.
stabbing:An act or instance of wounding or killing someone with a knife.
stabbings:An act or instance of wounding or killing someone with a knife.
stabilisation:The process of making something physically more secure or stable.
stabilise:Make or become unlikely to give way or overturn.
stabilised:Make or become unlikely to give way or overturn.
stabiliser:A thing used to keep something steady or stable.
stabilises:Make or become unlikely to give way or overturn.
stabilising:Make or become unlikely to give way or overturn.
stability:The state of being stable.
stable:(of an object or structure) not likely to give way or overturn; firmly fixed.
stabled:(of an object or structure) not likely to give way or overturn; firmly fixed.
stablemate:A horse, especially a racehorse, from the same establishment as another.
stabler:(of an object or structure) not likely to give way or overturn; firmly fixed.
stables:(of an object or structure) not likely to give way or overturn; firmly fixed.
stabling:Accommodations for horses.
stably:In a way that is firmly fixed and not likely to give way or overturn.
stabs:Thrust a knife or other pointed weapon into (someone) so as to wound or kill.
staccato:With each note sharply detached or separated from the others.
stack:Arrange (a number of things) in a pile, typically a neat one.
stacked:(of a number of things) put or arranged in a stack or stacks.
stacking:Arrange (a number of things) in a pile, typically a neat one.
stacks:Arrange (a number of things) in a pile, typically a neat one.
stadia:An athletic or sports ground with tiers of seats for spectators.
stadium:A sports arena with tiers of seats for spectators.
stadiums:An athletic or sports ground with tiers of seats for spectators.
staff:Provide (an organization, business, etc.) with staff.
staffed:(of an organization, business, etc.) having a staff or workforce.
staffing:Provide (an organization, business, etc.) with staff.
staffroom:A common room for teachers in a school or college.
staffs:Provide (an organization, business, etc.) with staff.
stag:Without a partner at a social gathering.
stage:Present a performance of (a play or other show)
stagecoach:A large closed horse-drawn vehicle formerly used to carry passengers and often mail along a regular route between two places.
stagecoaches:A large closed horse-drawn vehicle formerly used to carry passengers and often mail along a regular route between two places.
staged:Presented or performed on a stage.
stagehands:A person who moves scenery or props before or during the performance of a play.
stager:A person whose job is to style and furnish properties for sale in such a way as to enhance their attractiveness to potential buyers.
stages:Present a performance of (a play or other show)
stagey:Excessively theatrical; exaggerated.
stagflation:Persistent high inflation combined with high unemployment and stagnant demand in a country's economy.
stagger:Walk or move unsteadily, as if about to fall.
staggered:Walk or move unsteadily, as if about to fall.
staggering:Deeply shocking; astonishing.
staggeringly:To an astonishing or shocking degree.
staggers:Any of several parasitic or acute deficiency diseases of farm animals characterized by staggering or loss of balance.
staging:The method of presenting a play or other dramatic performance.
stagings:The method of presenting a play or other dramatic performance.
stagnant:(of a body of water or the atmosphere of a confined space) having no current or flow and often having an unpleasant smell as a consequence.
stagnate:(of water or air) cease to flow or move; become stagnant.
stagnated:(of water or air) cease to flow or move; become stagnant.
stagnates:(of water or air) cease to flow or move; become stagnant.
stagnating:(of water or air) ceasing to flow or move; becoming stagnant.
stagnation:The state of not flowing or moving.
stags:Without a female partner at a social gathering.
staid:Sedate, respectable, and unadventurous.
stain:Mark (something) with colored patches or dirty marks that are not easily removed.
stained:Marked or discolored with something that is not easily removed.
staining:Mark or discolour with something that is not easily removed.
stainless:Unmarked by or resistant to stains or discoloration.
stains:Mark or discolour with something that is not easily removed.
stair:A set of steps leading from one floor of a building to another, typically inside the building.
staircase:A set of stairs and its surrounding walls or structure.
staircases:A set of stairs and its surrounding walls or structure.
stairhead:A landing at the top of a set of stairs.
stairs:A set of steps leading from one floor of a building to another, typically inside the building.
stairway:A set of steps or stairs and its surrounding walls or structure.
stairways:A set of steps or stairs and its surrounding walls or structure.
stairwell:A shaft in a building in which a staircase is built.
stairwells:A shaft in a building in which a staircase is built.
stake:Support (a plant) with a stake or stakes.
staked:Support (a plant) with a stake or stakes.
stakeholder:(in gambling) an independent party with whom each of those who make a wager deposits the money or counters wagered.
stakeholders:(in gambling) an independent party with whom each of those who make a wager deposits the money or counters wagered.
stakes:Support (a plant) with a stake or stakes.
staking:Support (a plant) with a stake or stakes.
stalactite:A tapering structure hanging like an icicle from the roof of a cave, formed of calcium salts deposited by dripping water.
stalactites:A tapering structure hanging like an icicle from the roof of a cave, formed of calcium salts deposited by dripping water.
stalagmite:A mound or tapering column rising from the floor of a cave, formed of calcium salts deposited by dripping water and often uniting with a stalactite.
stalagmites:A mound or tapering column rising from the floor of a cave, formed of calcium salts deposited by dripping water and often uniting with a stalactite.
stale:Make or become stale.
stalemate:Bring to or cause to reach stalemate.
stalemated:Having reached a situation in which further action or progress by opposing or competing parties seems impossible.
stalemates:Bring to or cause to reach stalemate.
stalk:The main stem of a herbaceous plant.
stalked:(chiefly of a plant or animal structure) having a stalk or main stem.
stalker:A person who harasses or persecutes someone with unwanted and obsessive attention.
stalkers:A person who harasses or persecutes someone with unwanted and obsessive attention.
stalking:The main stem of a herbaceous plant.
stalks:The main stem of a herbaceous plant.
stall:(of a motor vehicle or its engine) stop running, typically because of an overload on the engine.
stalled:(of a motor vehicle or its engine) stop running, typically because of an overload on the engine.
stallholders:A person owning or running a stall at a market.
stalling:(of a motor vehicle or its engine) stop running, typically because of an overload on the engine.
stallion:An uncastrated adult male horse.
stallions:An uncastrated adult male horse.
stalls:(of a motor vehicle or its engine) stop running, typically because of an overload on the engine.
stalwart:A loyal, reliable, and hardworking supporter or participant in an organization or team.
stalwarts:A loyal, reliable, and hard-working supporter of or participant in an organization or team.
stamen:The male fertilizing organ of a flower, typically consisting of a pollen-containing anther and a filament.
stamens:The male fertilizing organ of a flower, typically consisting of a pollen-containing anther and a filament.
stamina:The ability to sustain prolonged physical or mental effort.
stammer:Speak with sudden involuntary pauses and a tendency to repeat the initial letters of words.
stammered:Speak with sudden involuntary pauses and a tendency to repeat the initial letters of words.
stammering:The action or fact of speaking with a stammer.
stammers:Speak with sudden involuntary pauses and a tendency to repeat the initial letters of words.
stamp:Bring down (one's foot) heavily on the ground or on something on the ground.
stamped:Bring down (one's foot) heavily on the ground or on something on the ground.
stampede:A sudden panicked rush of a number of horses, cattle, or other animals.
stampeded:(of horses, cattle, or other animals) rush wildly in a sudden mass panic.
stampeding:(of horses, cattle, or other animals) rush wildly in a sudden mass panic.
stamping:Bring down (one's foot) heavily on the ground or on something on the ground.
stamps:Bring down (one's foot) heavily on the ground or on something on the ground.
stance:The way in which someone stands, especially when deliberately adopted (as in baseball, golf, and other sports); a person's posture.
stances:The way in which someone stands, especially when deliberately adopted (as in cricket, golf, and other sports); a person's posture.
stanchion:An upright bar, post, or frame forming a support or barrier.
stanchions:An upright bar, post, or frame forming a support or barrier.
stand:Have or maintain an upright position, supported by one's feet.
standard:A level of quality or attainment.
standardisation:The process of making something conform to a standard.
standardisations:The process of making something conform to a standard.
standardise:Cause (something) to conform to a standard.
standardised:Cause (something) to conform to a standard.
standardises:Cause (something) to conform to a standard.
standardising:Cause (something) to conform to a standard.
standards:A level of quality or attainment.
standby:Readiness for duty or immediate deployment.
standing:Position, status, or reputation.
standpoint:An attitude to or outlook on issues, typically arising from one's circumstances or beliefs.
standpoints:An attitude to a particular issue.
stands:Have or maintain an upright position, supported by one's feet.
standstill:A situation or condition in which there is no movement or activity at all.
stank:Have a strong unpleasant smell.
stanza:A group of lines forming the basic recurring metrical unit in a poem; a verse.
stanzas:A group of lines forming the basic recurring metrical unit in a poem; a verse.
stapes:A small stirrup-shaped bone in the middle ear, transmitting vibrations from the incus to the inner ear.
staphylococcus:A bacterium of a genus that includes many pathogenic kinds that cause pus formation, especially in the skin and mucous membranes.
staple:Attach or secure with a staple or staples.
stapler:A device for fastening together sheets of paper with a staple or staples.
staplers:A device for fastening together sheets of paper with a staple or staples.
staples:Attach or secure with a staple or staples.
stapling:Attach or secure with a staple or staples.
star:(of a movie, play, or other show) have (someone) as a principal performer.
starboard:Turn (a ship or its helm) to starboard.
starch:Stiffen (fabric or clothing) with starch.
starched:(of fabric or clothing) stiffened with starch.
starches:Stiffen (fabric or clothing) with starch.
starchier:(of food or diet) containing a lot of starch.
starchiest:(of food or diet) containing a lot of starch.
starchy:(of food or diet) containing a relatively high amount of starch.
stardom:The state or status of being a famous or exceptionally talented performer in the world of entertainment or sports.
stardust:(especially in the context of success in the world of entertainment or sports) a magical or charismatic quality or feeling.
stare:Look fixedly or vacantly at someone or something with one's eyes wide open.
stared:Look fixedly or vacantly at someone or something with one's eyes wide open.
stares:Look fixedly or vacantly at someone or something with one's eyes wide open.
starfish:A marine echinoderm with five or more radiating arms. The undersides of the arms bear tube feet for locomotion and, in predatory species, for opening the shells of mollusks.
stargaze:Observe the stars.
stargazer:An astronomer or astrologer.
stargazers:An astronomer or astrologer.
stargazing:Observe the stars.
staring:Look fixedly or vacantly at someone or something with one's eyes wide open.
stark:Severe or bare in appearance or outline.
starker:Severe or bare in appearance or outline.
starkest:Severe or bare in appearance or outline.
starkly:In a way that is severe or harsh in appearance or outline.
starlet:A young actress with aspirations to become a star.
starlets:A young actress with aspirations to become a star.
starlight:The light that comes from the stars.
starling:A gregarious Old World songbird with a straight bill, typically with dark lustrous or iridescent plumage but sometimes brightly colored.
starlings:A gregarious Old World songbird with a straight bill, typically with dark lustrous or iridescent plumage but sometimes brightly coloured.
starlit:Lit or made brighter by stars.
starred:(of a film, play, or other show) have (someone) as a principal performer.
starrier:Full of or lit by stars.
starriest:Full of or lit by stars.
starring:Denoting a principal role or performer in a film, play, or other show.
starry:Full of or lit by stars.
stars:(of a film, play, or other show) have (someone) as a principal performer.
starship:(in science fiction) a large manned spaceship used for interstellar travel.
starstruck:Fascinated or greatly impressed by famous people, especially those connected with the cinema or the theatre.
start:Begin or be reckoned from a particular point in time or space.
started:Begin or be reckoned from a particular point in time or space.
starter:A person or thing that starts in a specified way.
starters:A person or thing that starts in a specified way.
starting:Begin or be reckoned from a particular point in time or space.
startle:Cause (a person or animal) to feel sudden shock or alarm.
startled:Feeling or showing sudden shock or alarm.
startles:Cause to feel sudden shock or alarm.
startling:Very surprising, astonishing, or remarkable.
startlingly:In a very surprising, astonishing, or remarkable way.
starts:Begin or be reckoned from a particular point in time or space.
startup:The action or process of setting something in motion.
starvation:Suffering or death caused by hunger.
starve:(of a person or animal) suffer severely or die from hunger.
starved:Suffer or die or cause to suffer or die from hunger.
starves:Suffer or die or cause to suffer or die from hunger.
starving:Suffering or dying from hunger.
stashed:Store (something) safely in a hidden or secret place.
stashes:Store (something) safely in a hidden or secret place.
stashing:Store (something) safely in a hidden or secret place.
stasis:A period or state of inactivity or equilibrium.
state:Express something definitely or clearly in speech or writing.
statecraft:The skillful management of state affairs; statesmanship.
stated:Clearly expressed or identified; specified.
statehood:The status of being a recognized independent nation.
stateless:(of a person) not recognized as a citizen of any country.
stateliest:Impressive or grand in size, appearance, or manner.
stately:Having a dignified, unhurried, and grand manner; majestic in manner and appearance.
statement:A definite or clear expression of something in speech or writing.
statements:Officially assess (a child) as having special educational needs.
staterooms:A large room in a palace or public building, for use on formal occasions.
states:Express something definitely or clearly in speech or writing.
statesman:A skilled, experienced, and respected political leader or figure.
statesmanship:Skill in managing public affairs.
statesmen:A skilled, experienced, and respected political leader or figure.
static:Crackling or hissing noises on a telephone, radio, or other telecommunications system.
statical:Involving or relating to the measurement of weight or the use of a balance; = "static".
statics:The branch of mechanics concerned with bodies at rest and forces in equilibrium.
stating:Express something definitely or clearly in speech or writing.
station:Put in or assign to a specified place for a particular purpose, especially a military one.
stationary:Not moving or not intended to be moved.
stationed:Put in or assign to a specified place for a particular purpose, especially a military one.
stationer:A person or store selling paper, pens, and other writing and office materials.
stationers:A person or shop selling paper, pens, and other writing and office materials.
stationery:Writing paper, especially with matching envelopes.
stationing:Put in or assign to a specified place for a particular purpose, especially a military one.
stationmaster:An official in charge of a railroad station.
stations:Put in or assign to a specified place for a particular purpose, especially a military one.
statistic:A fact or piece of data from a study of a large quantity of numerical data.
statistical:Relating to the use of statistics.
statistically:According to or by means of statistics.
statistician:An expert in the preparation and analysis of statistics.
statisticians:An expert in the preparation and analysis of statistics.
statistics:The practice or science of collecting and analyzing numerical data in large quantities, especially for the purpose of inferring proportions in a whole from those in a representative sample.
stator:The stationary portion of an electric generator or motor, especially of an induction motor.
stators:The stationary portion of an electric generator or motor, especially of an induction motor.
statuary:Sculpture consisting of statues; statues regarded collectively.
statue:A carved or cast figure of a person or animal, especially one that is life-size or larger.
statues:A carved or cast figure of a person or animal, especially one that is life-size or larger.
statuesque:(especially of a woman) attractively tall and dignified.
statuette:A small statue or figurine, especially one that is smaller than life-size.
statuettes:A small statue or figurine, especially one that is smaller than life-size.
stature:A person's natural height.
status:The relative social, professional, or other standing of someone or something.
statuses:Relative social or professional position; standing.
statute:A written law passed by a legislative body.
statutes:A written law passed by a legislative body.
statutory:Required, permitted, or enacted by statute.
staunch:Loyal and committed in attitude.
staunchest:Very loyal and committed in attitude.
staunchly:In a very loyal and committed manner.
stave:A vertical wooden post or plank in a building or other structure.
staves:Provide (an organization, business, etc.) with staff.
stay:Remain in the same place.
stayed:Remain in the same place.
stayers:A tenacious person or thing, especially a horse able to hold out to the end of a race.
staying:Remain in the same place.
stays:Remain in the same place.
stead:The place or role that someone or something should have or fill (used in referring to a substitute)
steadfast:Resolutely or dutifully firm and unwavering.
steadfastly:In a resolutely or dutifully firm and unwavering manner.
steadfastness:The quality of being resolutely or dutifully firm and unwavering.
steadied:Make or become steady.
steadiest:Make or become steady.
steadily:In a regular and even manner.
steadiness:The quality not shaking or moving.
steady:Make or become steady.
steadying:Keeping someone or something steady or stable.
steak:High-quality beef taken from the hindquarters of the animal, typically cut into thick slices that are cooked by broiling or frying.
steal:Take (another person's property) without permission or legal right and without intending to return it.
stealer:A person or thing that takes or steals a specified thing.
stealers:A person or thing that takes or steals a specified thing.
stealing:The action or offense of taking another person's property without permission or legal right and without intending to return it; theft.
steals:Take (another person's property) without permission or legal right and without intending to return it.
stealth:Cautious and surreptitious action or movement.
stealthier:Behaving or done in a cautious and surreptitious manner, so as not to be seen or heard.
stealthiest:Behaving or done in a cautious and surreptitious manner, so as not to be seen or heard.
stealthily:In a cautious and surreptitious manner, so as not to be seen or heard.
stealthy:Behaving, done, or made in a cautious and surreptitious manner, so as not to be seen or heard.
steam:Give off or produce steam.
steamboat:A boat that is propelled by a steam engine, especially a paddle-wheel craft of a type used widely on rivers in the 19th century.
steamboats:A boat that is propelled by a steam engine, especially (in the US) a paddle-wheel craft of a type used on rivers in the 19th century.
steamed:Having been cooked by steaming.
steamer:A ship, boat, or locomotive powered by steam.
steamers:A ship, boat, or locomotive powered by steam.
steamier:Producing, filled with, or clouded with steam.
steamiest:Producing, filled with, or clouded with steam.
steaming:The process or technique of cooking food by heating it in steam from boiling water.
steamroller:(of a government or other authority) forcibly pass (a measure) by restricting debate or otherwise overriding opposition.
steamrollers:(of a government or other authority) forcibly pass (a measure) by restricting debate or otherwise overriding opposition.
steams:Give off or produce steam.
steamship:A ship that is propelled by a steam engine.
steamships:A ship that is propelled by a steam engine.
steamy:Producing, filled with, or clouded with steam.
steed:A horse being ridden or available for riding.
steeds:A horse being ridden or available for riding.
steel:Mentally prepare (oneself) to do or face something difficult.
steeled:Mentally prepare (oneself) to do or face something difficult.
steeling:Mentally prepare (oneself) to do or face something difficult.
steels:Mentally prepare (oneself) to do or face something difficult.
steelwork:Articles of steel.
steelworker:A person employed in the manufacture of steel.
steelworkers:A person employed in the manufacture of steel.
steelworks:A factory where steel is manufactured.
steely:Resembling steel in color, brightness, or strength.
steep:A steep mountain slope.
steeped:A steep mountain slope.
steepen:Become or cause to become steeper.
steepened:Become or cause to become steeper.
steepening:Become or cause to become steeper.
steepens:Become or cause to become steeper.
steeper:A steep mountain slope.
steepest:A steep mountain slope.
steeping:A steep mountain slope.
steeple:A church tower and spire.
steeplechase:A horse race run on a racecourse having ditches and hedges as jumps.
steeplejack:A person who climbs tall structures such as chimneys and steeples in order to carry out repairs.
steeples:Place (the fingers or hands) together so that they form an upward-pointing V-shape.
steeply:At a steep angle; sharply.
steeps:A steep mountain slope.
steer:(of a person) guide or control the movement of (a vehicle, vessel, or aircraft), for example by turning a wheel or operating a rudder.
steerage:The part of a ship providing accommodations for passengers with the cheapest tickets.
steered:Guide or control the movement of (a vehicle, vessel, or aircraft), for example by turning a wheel or operating a rudder.
steering:The action of steering a vehicle, vessel, or aircraft.
steers:Guide or control the movement of (a vehicle, vessel, or aircraft), for example by turning a wheel or operating a rudder.
stegosaurus:A small-headed quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur of the Jurassic and early Cretaceous periods, with a double row of large bony plates or spines along the back.
stellar:Relating to a star or stars.
stem:Originate in or be caused by.
stemmed:(of a plant) having a supporting stalk of a specified length or kind.
stemming:Originate in or be caused by.
stems:Originate in or be caused by.
stench:A strong and very unpleasant smell.
stenches:A strong and very unpleasant smell.
stencil:Decorate (a surface) with a stencil.
stencilled:Produced or decorated with a stencil.
stencils:Decorate (a surface) with a stencil.
stenographer:A person whose job is to transcribe speech in shorthand.
stenographers:A person whose job is to transcribe speech in shorthand.
stenography:The action or process of writing in shorthand or taking dictation.
stenosis:The abnormal narrowing of a passage in the body.
stentor:A person with a powerful voice.
stentorian:(of a person's voice) loud and powerful.
step:Lift and set down one's foot or one foot after the other in order to walk somewhere or move to a new position.
stepbrother:A son of one's stepparent by a marriage other than that with one's own father or mother.
stepchildren:A child of one's husband or wife by a previous marriage.
stepdaughter:A daughter of one's husband or wife by a previous marriage.
stepfather:A man who is the husband or partner of one's mother after the divorce or separation of one's parents or the death of one's father.
stepladder:A short folding ladder with flat steps and a small platform.
stepmother:A woman who is the wife or partner of one's father after the divorce or separation of one's parents or the death of one's mother.
stepparents:A stepfather or stepmother.
steppe:A large area of flat unforested grassland in southeastern Europe or Siberia.
stepped:Having or formed into a step or series of steps.
steppes:A large area of flat unforested grassland in south-eastern Europe or Siberia.
stepping:Lift and set down one's foot or one foot after the other in order to walk somewhere or move to a new position.
steps:Lift and set down one's foot or one foot after the other in order to walk somewhere or move to a new position.
stepsister:A daughter of one's stepparent by a marriage other than with one's own father or mother.
stepson:A son of one's husband or wife by a previous marriage.
stepsons:A son of one's husband or wife by a previous marriage.
stepwise:In a series of distinct stages; not continuously.
steradians:The SI unit of solid angle, equal to the angle at the centre of a sphere subtended by a part of the surface equal in area to the square of the radius.
stereo:Sound that is directed through two or more speakers so that it seems to surround the listener and to come from more than one source; stereophonic sound.
stereophonic:(of sound recording and reproduction) using two or more channels of transmission and reproduction so that the reproduced sound seems to surround the listener and to come from more than one source.
stereoscopic:Relating to or denoting a process by which two photographs of the same object taken at slightly different angles are viewed together, creating an impression of depth and solidity.
stereotype:View or represent as a stereotype.
stereotyped:Viewed or represented as a stereotype.
stereotypes:View or represent as a stereotype.
stereotypical:Relating to a widely held but fixed and oversimplified image or idea of a particular type of person or thing.
stereotyping:View or represent as a stereotype.
sterile:Not able to produce children or young.
sterilisation:The process of making something free from bacteria or other living microorganisms.
sterilisations:The process of making something free from bacteria or other living microorganisms.
sterilise:Make (something) free from bacteria or other living microorganisms.
sterilised:Made free from bacteria or other living microorganisms.
sterilising:Make (something) free from bacteria or other living microorganisms.
sterility:The quality or condition of being sterile.
sterling:British money.
stern:(of a person or their manner) serious and unrelenting, especially in the assertion of authority and exercise of discipline.
sterner:(of a person or their manner) serious and unrelenting, especially in the assertion of authority and exercise of discipline.
sternest:(of a person or their manner) serious and unrelenting, especially in the assertion of authority and exercise of discipline.
sternly:In a serious and severe manner, especially when asserting authority or exercising discipline.
sterns:(of a person or their manner) serious and unrelenting, especially in the assertion of authority and exercise of discipline.
sternum:The breastbone.
steroid:Any of a large class of organic compounds with a characteristic molecular structure containing four rings of carbon atoms (three six-membered and one five). They include many hormones, alkaloids, and vitamins.
steroids:Any of a large class of organic compounds with a characteristic molecular structure containing four rings of carbon atoms (three six-membered and one five). They include many hormones, alkaloids, and vitamins.
stet:Let it stand (used as an instruction on a printed proof to indicate that a correction or alteration should be ignored).
stethoscope:A medical instrument for listening to the action of someone's heart or breathing, typically having a small disk-shaped resonator that is placed against the chest, and two tubes connected to earpieces.
stevedore:A person employed, or a contractor engaged, at a dock to load and unload cargo from ships.
stew:(with reference to meat, fruit, or other food) cook or be cooked slowly in liquid in a closed dish or pan.
steward:(of an official) supervise arrangements or keep order at (a large public event)
stewardess:A woman who is employed to provide meals for and otherwise look after the passengers on a ship or aircraft.
stewardesses:A woman employed to look after the passengers on a ship or aircraft.
stewards:(of an official) supervise arrangements or keep order at (a large public event)
stewardship:The job of supervising or taking care of something, such as an organization or property.
stewed:(of food) cooked slowly in liquid in a closed dish or pan.
stewing:(of meat or other food) suitable for stewing.
stews:(with reference to meat, fruit, or other food) cook or be cooked slowly in liquid in a closed dish or pan.
stick:A thin piece of wood that has fallen or been cut from a tree.
sticker:An adhesive label or notice, generally printed or illustrated.
stickers:An adhesive label or notice, generally printed or illustrated.
stickiest:A piece of paper with an adhesive strip on one side, used for leaving messages or reminders.
sticking:A thin piece of wood that has fallen or been cut off a tree.
stickleback:A small fish with sharp spines along its back, able to live in both salt and fresh water and found in both Eurasia and North America.
sticklebacks:A small fish with sharp spines along its back, able to live in both salt and fresh water and found in both Eurasia and North America.
stickler:A person who insists on a certain quality or type of behavior.
sticks:A thin piece of wood that has fallen or been cut off a tree.
sticky:(in an online forum) a thread containing important information that is set to remain at the top of the other threads regardless of when it was last updated.
sties:Keep (a pig) in a sty.
stiff:Cheat (someone) out of something, especially money.
stiffen:Make or become stiff or rigid.
stiffened:Make or become stiff or rigid.
stiffening:Material used to stiffen a garment, fabric, or other object.
stiffens:Make or become stiff or rigid.
stiffer:Cheat (someone) out of something, especially money.
stiffest:Cheat (someone) out of something, especially money.
stiffly:In a manner that is not relaxed or friendly.
stiffnecked:Haughty and stubborn.
stiffness:Inability to move easily and without pain.
stifle:Make (someone) unable to breathe properly; suffocate.
stifled:Make (someone) unable to breathe properly; suffocate.
stifles:Make (someone) unable to breathe properly; suffocate.
stifling:(of heat, air, or a room) very hot and causing difficulties in breathing; suffocating.
stigma:A mark of disgrace associated with a particular circumstance, quality, or person.
stigmas:A mark of disgrace associated with a particular circumstance, quality, or person.
stigmata:A mark of disgrace associated with a particular circumstance, quality, or person.
stigmatisation:The action of describing or regarding someone or something as worthy of disgrace or great disapproval.
stigmatise:Describe or regard as worthy of disgrace or great disapproval.
stiletto:A woman's shoe with a thin, high tapering heel.
still:Make or become still; quieten.
stillbirths:The birth of an infant that has died in the womb (strictly, after having survived through at least the first 28 weeks of pregnancy, earlier instances being regarded as abortion or miscarriage)
stillborn:(of an infant) born dead.
stilled:Make or become still; quieten.
stiller:Make or become still; quieten.
stilling:Make or become still; quieten.
stillness:The absence of movement or sound.
stills:Make or become still; quieten.
stilt:Either of a pair of upright poles with supports for the feet enabling the user to walk at a distance above the ground.
stilted:(of a manner of talking or writing) stiff and self-conscious or unnatural.
stilts:Either of a pair of upright poles with supports for the feet enabling the user to walk at a distance above the ground.
stimulant:A substance that raises levels of physiological or nervous activity in the body.
stimulants:A substance that raises levels of physiological or nervous activity in the body.
stimulate:Raise levels of physiological or nervous activity in (the body or any biological system)
stimulated:Raise levels of physiological or nervous activity in (the body or any biological system)
stimulates:Raise levels of physiological or nervous activity in (the body or any biological system)
stimulating:Encouraging or arousing interest or enthusiasm.
stimulation:Encouragement of something to make it develop or become more active.
stimulator:Something that raises levels of physiological or nervous activity in the body or any biological system.
stimuli:A thing or event that evokes a specific functional reaction in an organ or tissue.
stimulus:A thing or event that evokes a specific functional reaction in an organ or tissue.
sting:Wound or pierce with a sting.
stinger:An insect or animal that stings, such as a bee or jellyfish.
stingers:An insect or animal that stings, such as a bee or jellyfish.
stingier:Mean; ungenerous.
stinging:Having a sting; capable of wounding or piercing with a sting.
stingray:A bottom-dwelling marine ray with a flattened diamond-shaped body and a long poisonous serrated spine at the base of the tail.
stings:Wound or pierce with a sting.
stingy:Unwilling to give or spend; ungenerous.
stink:Have a strong unpleasant smell.
stinker:A person or thing that smells very bad.
stinkers:A person or thing that smells very bad.
stinking:Extremely.
stinks:Have a strong unpleasant smell.
stinky:Having a strong or unpleasant smell.
stint:Supply an ungenerous or inadequate amount of (something)
stinted:Supply a very ungenerous or inadequate amount of (something)
stints:Supply a very ungenerous or inadequate amount of (something)
stipend:A fixed regular sum paid as a salary or allowance.
stipendiary:A person receiving a stipend.
stipends:A fixed regular sum paid as a salary or as expenses to a clergyman, teacher, or public official.
stippled:(in drawing, painting, and engraving) mark (a surface) with numerous small dots or specks.
stipples:(in drawing, painting, and engraving) mark (a surface) with numerous small dots or specks.
stipulate:Demand or specify (a requirement), typically as part of a bargain or agreement.
stipulated:Demanded or specified, typically as part of an agreement.
stipulates:Demand or specify (a requirement), typically as part of an agreement.
stipulating:Demand or specify (a requirement), typically as part of an agreement.
stipulation:A condition or requirement that is specified or demanded as part of an agreement.
stipulations:A condition or requirement that is specified or demanded as part of an agreement.
stir:Move a spoon or other implement around in (a liquid or other substance) in order to mix it thoroughly.
stirfried:Fry (meat, fish, or vegetables) rapidly over a high heat while stirring briskly.
stirfry:Fry (meat, fish, or vegetables) rapidly over a high heat while stirring briskly.
stirred:Move a spoon or other implement round in (a liquid or other substance) in order to mix it thoroughly.
stirrer:An object or mechanical device used for stirring something.
stirrers:An object or mechanical device used for stirring something.
stirring:An initial sign of activity, movement, or emotion.
stirrings:An initial sign of activity, movement, or emotion.
stirrup:Each of a pair of devices attached to each side of a horse's saddle, in the form of a loop with a flat base to support the rider's foot.
stirrups:Each of a pair of devices attached to each side of a horse's saddle, in the form of a loop with a flat base to support the rider's foot.
stirs:Move a spoon or other implement round in (a liquid or other substance) in order to mix it thoroughly.
stitch:Make, mend, or join (something) with stitches.
stitched:Make, mend, or join (something) with stitches.
stitcher:A person who stitches something.
stitches:Make, mend, or join (something) with stitches.
stitching:A row of stitches sewn on to cloth.
stoa:A classical portico or roofed colonnade.
stoat:A small carnivorous mammal of the weasel family which has chestnut fur with white underparts and a black-tipped tail. It is native to both Eurasia and North America and in northern areas the coat turns white in winter.
stoats:A small carnivorous mammal of the weasel family which has chestnut fur with white underparts and a black-tipped tail. It is native to both Eurasia and North America and in northern areas the coat turns white in winter.
stochastic:Randomly determined; having a random probability distribution or pattern that may be analyzed statistically but may not be predicted precisely.
stock:Have or keep a supply of (a particular product or type or product) available for sale.
stockade:Enclose (an area) by erecting a stockade.
stockbroker:A broker who buys and sells securities on a stock exchange on behalf of clients.
stockbrokers:A broker who buys and sells securities on a stock exchange on behalf of clients.
stocked:Provided or filled with goods, items, or a supply of something.
stockholders:A shareholder.
stockier:Broad and sturdily built.
stocking:A women's garment, typically made of translucent nylon or silk, that fits closely over the foot and is held up by garters or an elasticized strip at the upper thigh.
stockings:A women's garment, typically made of translucent nylon or silk, that fits closely over the foot and is held up by suspenders or an elasticated strip at the upper thigh.
stockist:A retailer that stocks goods of a particular type for sale.
stockists:A retailer that stocks goods of a particular type for sale.
stockpile:Accumulate a large stock of (goods or materials)
stockpiled:Accumulate a large stock of (goods or materials)
stockpiles:Accumulate a large stock of (goods or materials)
stockpiling:Accumulate a large stock of (goods or materials)
stockroom:A room in which quantities of goods are stored.
stocks:Have or keep a supply of (a particular product or type or product) available for sale.
stocktaking:The action or process of recording the amount of stock held by a business.
stocky:(of a person) broad and sturdily built.
stodge:Food that is heavy, filling, and high in carbohydrates.
stodgier:(of food) heavy, filling, and high in carbohydrates.
stodgiest:(of food) heavy, filling, and high in carbohydrates.
stodgy:Dull and uninspired.
stoep:A terraced porch in front of a house.
stoic:A person who can endure pain or hardship without showing their feelings or complaining.
stoical:Enduring pain and hardship without showing one's feelings or complaining.
stoically:Without showing one's feelings or complaining about pain or hardship.
stoicism:The endurance of pain or hardship without the display of feelings and without complaint.
stoics:A person who can endure pain or hardship without showing their feelings or complaining.
stoke:Add coal or other solid fuel to (a fire, furnace, boiler, etc.)
stoked:Excited or euphoric.
stoker:A person who tends the furnace on a steamship or steam locomotive.
stokers:A person who tends the furnace on a steamship or steam train.
stokes:The cgs unit of kinematic viscosity, corresponding to a dynamic viscosity of 1 poise and a density of 1 gram per cubic centimeter, equivalent to 10⁴ square meters per second.
stoking:Add coal or other solid fuel to (a fire, furnace, boiler, etc.)
stole:A woman's long scarf or shawl, especially of fur or similar material, worn loosely over the shoulders.
stolen:Take (another person's property) without permission or legal right and without intending to return it.
stolid:(of a person) calm, dependable, and showing little emotion or animation.
stoma:Any of the minute pores in the epidermis of the leaf or stem of a plant, forming a slit of variable width which allows movement of gases in and out of the intercellular spaces.
stomach:Consume (food or drink) without feeling or being sick.
stomachache:A pain in a person's belly.
stomachs:Consume (food or drink) without feeling or being sick.
stomata:Any of the minute pores in the epidermis of the leaf or stem of a plant, forming a slit of variable width which allows movement of gases in and out of the intercellular spaces.
stomp:Tread heavily and noisily, typically in order to show anger.
stomped:Tread heavily and noisily, typically in order to show anger.
stomping:(of music) having a lively stamping rhythm.
stomps:Tread heavily and noisily, typically in order to show anger.
stone:Throw stones at.
stoned:Under the influence of drugs, especially marijuana.
stonemason:A person who cuts, prepares, and builds with stone.
stonemasons:A person who cuts, prepares, and builds with stone.
stones:Throw stones at.
stoneware:A type of pottery which is impermeable and partly vitrified but opaque.
stonework:The parts of a building that are made of stone.
stonier:Covered with or full of small pieces of rock.
stoning:Throw stones at.
stony:Covered with or full of small pieces of rock.
stood:Have or maintain an upright position, supported by one's feet.
stooge:A person who serves merely to support or assist others, particularly in doing unpleasant work.
stooges:Move about aimlessly; drift or cruise.
stool:A seat without a back or arms, typically resting on three or four legs or on a single pedestal.
stools:(of a plant) throw up shoots from the root.
stoop:Bend one's head or body forward and downward.
stooped:(of a person) having the head and shoulders habitually bent forward.
stooping:Having head and shoulders habitually bent forwards.
stop:(of an event, action, or process) come to an end; cease to happen.
stopcock:An externally operated valve regulating the flow of a liquid or gas through a pipe.
stopgap:A temporary way of dealing with a problem or satisfying a need.
stopover:A break in a journey.
stoppage:An instance of movement, activity, or supply stopping or being stopped.
stopped:(of an event, action, or process) come to an end; cease to happen.
stopper:Use a stopper to seal (a bottle or other container)
stoppered:Use a stopper to seal (a bottle or other container)
stoppers:Use a stopper to seal (a bottle or other container)
stopping:A filling for a tooth.
stops:(of an event, action, or process) come to an end; cease to happen.
stopwatch:A special watch with buttons that start, stop, and then zero the hands, used to time races.
storage:The action or method of storing something for future use.
store:Keep or accumulate (something) for future use.
stored:Keep or accumulate (something) for future use.
storehouse:A building used for storing goods.
storehouses:A building used for storing goods.
storekeeper:A person who owns or runs a store.
storeman:A man responsible for stored goods.
storeroom:A room in which items are stored.
stores:Keep or accumulate (something) for future use.
storey:A part of a building comprising all the rooms that are on the same level.
storeys:A part of a building comprising all the rooms that are on the same level.
stories:A part of a building comprising all the rooms that are on the same level.
storing:Keep or accumulate (something) for future use.
stork:A tall long-legged wading bird with a long heavy bill and typically with white and black plumage.
storks:A very tall long-legged wading bird with a long heavy bill and typically with white and black plumage.
storm:Move angrily or forcefully in a specified direction.
stormed:Move angrily or forcefully in a specified direction.
stormer:Something particularly impressive or good of its kind.
stormiest:(of weather) characterized by strong winds and usually rain, thunder, lightning, or snow.
storming:The sudden forceful attack and capture of a building or other place by troops.
storms:Move angrily or forcefully in a specified direction.
stormy:(of weather) characterized by strong winds and usually rain, thunder, lightning, or snow.
story:An account of imaginary or real people and events told for entertainment.
storybook:A book containing a story or collection of stories intended for children.
storyline:The plot of a novel, play, movie, or other narrative form.
storyteller:A person who tells stories.
storytellers:A person who tells stories.
storytelling:The activity of telling or writing stories.
stout:A kind of strong, dark beer brewed with roasted malt or barley.
stouter:A kind of strong, dark beer brewed with roasted malt or barley.
stoutly:With courage and determination.
stoutness:The quality of being fat or of heavy build.
stove:Treat (an object) by heating it in a stove in order to apply a desired surface coating.
stovepipe:Transmit (information) directly through levels of a hierarchy.
stoves:Fumigate or disinfect (a house) with sulphur or other fumes.
stow:Pack or store (an object) carefully and neatly in a particular place.
stowage:The action or manner of stowing something.
stowaway:A person who stows away.
stowed:Pack or store (an object) carefully and neatly in a particular place.
stowing:Pack or store (an object) carefully and neatly in a particular place.
straddle:Sit or stand with one leg on either side of.
straddled:Sit or stand with one leg on either side of.
straddling:Sit or stand with one leg on either side of.
strafe:Attack repeatedly with bombs or machine-gun fire from low-flying aircraft.
strafed:Attack repeatedly with bombs or machine-gun fire from low-flying aircraft.
strafing:Attack repeatedly with bombs or machine-gun fire from low-flying aircraft.
straggle:Move along slowly, typically in a small irregular group, so as to remain some distance behind the person or people in front.
straggler:A person in a group who becomes separated from the others, typically because of moving more slowly.
stragglers:A person in a group who becomes separated from the others, typically because of moving more slowly.
straggling:(of an irregular group) moving along slowly so as to remain some distance behind those in front.
straggly:Growing or spreading in an irregular, untidy way.
straight:In a straight line; directly.
straightaway:A straight section of a road or racetrack.
straighten:Make or become straight.
straightened:Make or become straight.
straightening:Make or become straight.
straighter:In a straight line; directly.
straightforward:Uncomplicated and easy to do or understand.
straightforwardly:In a way that is uncomplicated and easy to do or understand.
strain:Force (a part of one's body or oneself) to make a strenuous or unusually great effort.
strained:(of a person) showing signs of tiredness or nervous tension.
strainer:A device having holes punched in it or made of crossed wires for separating solid matter from a liquid.
straining:Force (a part of one's body or oneself) to make an unusually great effort.
strains:Force (a part of one's body or oneself) to make an unusually great effort.
strait:A narrow passage of water connecting two seas or two other large areas of water.
straiten:Make or become narrow.
straitened:Characterized by poverty.
straitjacket:Restrain with a straitjacket.
straits:A narrow passage of water connecting two seas or two other large areas of water.
strand:Leave (someone) without the means to move from somewhere.
stranded:Left without the means to move from somewhere.
stranding:Leave (someone) without the means to move from somewhere.
strands:Leave (someone) without the means to move from somewhere.
strange:Unusual or surprising in a way that is unsettling or hard to understand.
strangely:In an unusual or surprising way.
strangeness:The state or fact of being strange.
stranger:A person whom one does not know or with whom one is not familiar.
strangers:A person whom one does not know or with whom one is not familiar.
strangle:Squeeze or constrict the neck of (a person or animal), especially so as to cause death.
strangled:Uttered with difficulty, as if from a constricted throat.
stranglehold:A grip around the neck of another person that can kill by asphyxiation if held for long enough.
strangling:Squeeze or constrict the neck of (a person or animal), especially so as to cause death.
strangulation:The action or state of strangling or being strangled.
strap:Fasten or secure in a specified place or position with a strap or seat belt.
strapless:(especially of a dress or bra) without shoulder straps.
strapped:Short of money.
strapper:A person who grooms racehorses.
strapping:(especially of a young person) big and strong.
straps:Fasten or secure in a specified place or position with a strap.
strata:A layer or a series of layers of rock in the ground.
stratagem:A plan or scheme, especially one used to outwit an opponent or achieve an end.
stratagems:A plan or scheme, especially one used to outwit an opponent or achieve an end.
strategic:Relating to the identification of long-term or overall aims and interests and the means of achieving them.
strategically:In a way that relates to the achievement of long-term or overall aims and interests.
strategies:A plan of action designed to achieve a long-term or overall aim.
strategist:A person skilled in planning action or policy, especially in war or politics.
strategists:A person skilled in planning action or policy, especially in war or politics.
strategy:A plan of action or policy designed to achieve a major or overall aim.
stratification:The arrangement or classification of something into different groups.
stratified:Formed or arranged into strata or layers.
stratosphere:The layer of the earth's atmosphere above the troposphere, extending to about 32 miles (50 km) above the earth's surface (the lower boundary of the mesosphere).
stratospheric:Relating to the layer of the earth's atmosphere above the troposphere, extending to about 32 miles (50 km) above the earth's surface.
stratum:A layer or a series of layers of rock in the ground.
stratus:Cloud forming a continuous horizontal gray sheet, often with rain or snow.
straw:Dried stalks of grain, used especially as fodder or as material for thatching, packing, or weaving.
strawberries:A sweet soft red fruit with a seed-studded surface.
strawberry:A sweet soft red fruit with a seed-studded surface.
stray:Move away aimlessly from a group or from the right course or place.
strayed:Move away aimlessly from a group or from the right course or place.
straying:Move away aimlessly from a group or from the right course or place.
strays:Move away aimlessly from a group or from the right course or place.
streak:Cover (a surface) with streaks.
streaked:Cover (a surface) with streaks.
streaks:Cover (a surface) with streaks.
streaky:Having streaks of different colors or textures.
stream:(of liquid) run or flow in a continuous current in a specified direction.
streamed:(of liquid, air, gas, etc.) run or flow in a continuous current in a specified direction.
streamer:A long, narrow strip of material used as a decoration or symbol.
streamers:A long, narrow strip of material used as a decoration or symbol.
streaming:A method of transmitting or receiving data (especially video and audio material) over a computer network as a steady, continuous flow, allowing playback to start while the rest of the data is still being received.
streamline:Design or provide with a form that presents very little resistance to a flow of air or water, increasing speed and ease of movement.
streamlined:Having a form that presents very little resistance to a flow of air or water.
streamlining:Design or provide with a form that presents very little resistance to a flow of air or water, increasing speed and ease of movement.
streams:(of liquid, air, gas, etc.) run or flow in a continuous current in a specified direction.
street:A public road in a city or town, typically with houses and buildings on one or both sides.
streets:A public road in a city, town, or village, typically with houses and buildings on one or both sides.
streetwise:Reflective of modern urban life, especially that of urban youth.
strength:The quality or state of being physically strong.
strengthen:Make or become stronger.
strengthened:Make or become stronger.
strengthening:Make or become stronger.
strengths:The quality or state of being physically strong.
strenuous:Requiring or using great exertion.
strenuously:In a way that requires great physical exertion.
streptococci:A bacterium of a genus that includes the agents of souring of milk and dental decay, and haemolytic pathogens causing various infections such as scarlet fever and pneumonia.
stress:Give particular emphasis or importance to (a point, statement, or idea) made in speech or writing.
stressed:Experiencing mental or emotional strain or tension.
stresses:Give particular emphasis or importance to (a point, statement, or idea) made in speech or writing.
stressful:Causing mental or emotional stress.
stressing:Give particular emphasis or importance to (a point, statement, or idea) made in speech or writing.
stretch:(of something soft or elastic) be made or be capable of being made longer or wider without tearing or breaking.
stretched:(of something soft or elastic) be made or be capable of being made longer or wider without tearing or breaking.
stretcher:A framework of two poles with a long piece of canvas slung between them, used for carrying sick, injured, or dead people.
stretches:(of something soft or elastic) be made or be capable of being made longer or wider without tearing or breaking.
stretching:(of something soft or elastic) be made or be capable of being made longer or wider without tearing or breaking.
stretchy:(especially of material or a garment) able to stretch or be stretched easily.
strew:Scatter or spread (things) untidily over a surface or area.
strewed:Scatter or spread (things) untidily over a surface or area.
strewing:Scatter or spread (things) untidily over a surface or area.
strewn:Untidily scattered.
striated:Marked with long, thin parallel streaks.
striation:A long, thin streak, ridge, or groove on a surface, often one of many similar parallel marks.
stricken:past participle of strike (sense 2 of the verb,
strict:Demanding that rules concerning behavior are obeyed and observed.
stricter:Demanding that rules concerning behaviour are obeyed and observed.
strictest:Demanding that rules concerning behaviour are obeyed and observed.
strictly:In a way that involves rigid enforcement or that demands obedience.
strictness:The quality or condition of being strict.
stricture:A restriction on a person or activity.
strictures:A restriction on a person or activity.
stride:Walk with long, decisive steps in a specified direction.
strident:Loud and harsh; grating.
strides:Walk with long, decisive steps in a specified direction.
striding:Walk with long, decisive steps in a specified direction.
strife:Angry or bitter disagreement over fundamental issues; conflict.
strike:Hit forcibly and deliberately with one's hand or a weapon or other implement.
striker:An employee on strike.
strikers:An employee on strike.
strikes:Hit forcibly and deliberately with one's hand or a weapon or other implement.
striking:The action of striking.
strikingly:In a way that attracts attention by reason of being unusual, extreme, or prominent.
string:Hang (something) so that it stretches in a long line.
stringed:(of a musical instrument) having strings.
stringent:(of regulations, requirements, or conditions) strict, precise, and exacting.
stringer:A longitudinal structural piece in a framework, especially that of a ship or aircraft.
strings:Hang (something) so that it stretches in a long line.
stringy:(especially of hair) resembling string; long, thin, and lusterless.
strip:Remove all coverings from.
stripe:Mark with stripes.
striped:Marked with or having stripes.
stripes:Mark with stripes.
stripling:A young man.
stripped:Remove all coverings from.
stripper:A device used for stripping something.
strippers:A device used for stripping something.
stripping:Remove all coverings from.
strips:Remove all coverings from.
stripy:Striped.
strive:Make great efforts to achieve or obtain something.
strived:Make great efforts to achieve or obtain something.
striven:Make great efforts to achieve or obtain something.
strives:Make great efforts to achieve or obtain something.
striving:Make great efforts to achieve or obtain something.
strode:Walk with long, decisive steps in a specified direction.
stroke:Move one's hand with gentle pressure over (a surface, especially hair, fur, or skin), typically repeatedly; caress.
stroked:Move one's hand with gentle pressure over (a surface), typically repeatedly; caress.
strokes:Move one's hand with gentle pressure over (a surface), typically repeatedly; caress.
stroking:Move one's hand with gentle pressure over (a surface), typically repeatedly; caress.
stroll:Walk in a leisurely way.
strolled:Walk in a leisurely way.
stroller:A chair on wheels, typically folding, in which a baby or young child can be pushed along.
strollers:A person taking a leisurely walk.
strolling:Walk in a leisurely way.
strolls:Walk in a leisurely way.
strong:Having the power to move heavy weights or perform other physically demanding tasks.
stronger:Having the power to move heavy weights or perform other physically demanding tasks.
strongest:Having the power to move heavy weights or perform other physically demanding tasks.
stronghold:A place that has been fortified so as to protect it against attack.
strongly:With great power or strength.
strongman:A man of great physical strength, especially one who performs feats of strength as a form of entertainment.
strop:Sharpen on or with a strop.
strops:Sharpen on or with a strop.
strove:Make great efforts to achieve or obtain something.
struck:Hit forcibly and deliberately with one's hand or a weapon or other implement.
structural:Relating to or forming part of the structure of a building or other item.
structuralism:A method of interpretation and analysis of aspects of human cognition, behavior, culture, and experience that focuses on relationships of contrast between elements in a conceptual system that reflect patterns underlying a superficial diversity.
structurally:In a way that relates to the structure of a building or other item.
structure:Construct or arrange according to a plan; give a pattern or organization to.
structured:Construct or arrange according to a plan; give a pattern or organization to.
structures:Construct or arrange according to a plan; give a pattern or organization to.
structuring:Construct or arrange according to a plan; give a pattern or organization to.
strudel:A dessert of thin pastry rolled up around a fruit filling and baked.
struggle:Make forceful or violent efforts to get free of restraint or constriction.
struggled:Make forceful or violent efforts to get free of restraint or constriction.
struggles:Make forceful or violent efforts to get free of restraint or constriction.
struggling:Striving to achieve or attain something in the face of difficulty or resistance.
strum:Play (a guitar or similar instrument) by sweeping the thumb or a plectrum up or down across the strings.
strumming:Play (a guitar or similar instrument) by sweeping the thumb or a plectrum up or down across the strings.
strumpet:A woman who has many casual sexual encounters or relationships.
strung:Hang (something) so that it stretches in a long line.
strut:Walk with a stiff, erect, and apparently arrogant or conceited gait.
struts:Walk with a stiff, erect, and apparently arrogant or conceited gait.
strutted:Walk with a stiff, erect, and apparently arrogant or conceited gait.
strutting:The action of walking with a stiff, erect, and apparently arrogant or conceited gait.
stub:Accidentally strike (one's toe) against something.
stubbed:Accidentally strike (one's toe) against something.
stubbing:Accidentally strike (one's toe) against something.
stubble:The cut stalks of grain plants left sticking out of the ground after the grain is harvested.
stubbly:Covered with stubble.
stubborn:Having or showing dogged determination not to change one's attitude or position on something, especially in spite of good arguments or reasons to do so.
stubbornly:In a manner that shows dogged determination not to change one's attitude or position on something.
stubbornness:Dogged determination not to change one's attitude or position on something.
stubby:Short and thick.
stubs:Accidentally strike (one's toe) against something.
stucco:Coat or decorate with stucco.
stuck:A thin piece of wood that has fallen or been cut off a tree.
stud:Decorate or augment (something) with many studs or similar small objects.
studded:Decorated or augmented with studs.
student:A person who is studying at a school or college.
students:A person who is studying at a university or other place of higher education.
studentship:A grant or payment made to support a student's education, awarded on the basis of academic or other achievement.
studentships:A grant or payment made to support a student's education, awarded on the basis of academic or other achievement.
studied:(of a quality or result) achieved or maintained by careful and deliberate effort.
studier:A person engaged in or dedicated to the pursuit of knowledge; a scholar. Formerly also: †a person receiving formal instruction at a school or university; a student (obsolete).
studies:Devote time and attention to gaining knowledge of (an academic subject), especially by means of books.
studio:A room where an artist, photographer, sculptor, etc. works.
studios:A room where an artist, photographer, sculptor, etc. works.
studious:Spending a lot of time studying or reading.
studiously:With concentration and conscientiousness in one's work or reading.
studs:Decorate or augment (something) with many studs or similar small objects.
study:Devote time and attention to acquiring knowledge on (an academic subject), especially by means of books.
studying:Devote time and attention to gaining knowledge of (an academic subject), especially by means of books.
stuff:Fill (a receptacle or space) tightly with something.
stuffed:(of a dead animal) having the skin filled with material to restore the original shape and appearance.
stuffing:A mixture used to stuff poultry or meat before cooking.
stuffy:(of a place) lacking fresh air or ventilation.
stultified:Cause to lose enthusiasm and initiative, especially as a result of a tedious or restrictive routine.
stultify:Cause to lose enthusiasm and initiative, especially as a result of a tedious or restrictive routine.
stultifying:Tending to stifle enthusiasm, initiative, or freedom of action.
stumble:Trip or momentarily lose one's balance; almost fall.
stumbled:Trip or momentarily lose one's balance; almost fall.
stumbles:Trip or momentarily lose one's balance; almost fall.
stumbling:Tripping or losing one's balance while walking; moving with difficulty.
stump:(of a question or problem) be too hard for; baffle.
stumped:(of a question or problem) be too hard for; baffle.
stumps:(of a question or problem) be too hard for; baffle.
stumpy:Short and thick; squat.
stun:Knock unconscious or into a dazed or semiconscious state.
stung:Wound or pierce with a sting.
stunned:So shocked that one is temporarily unable to react; astonished.
stunner:A strikingly beautiful or impressive person or thing.
stunning:Extremely impressive or attractive.
stunningly:In an extremely impressive or attractive manner.
stuns:Knock unconscious or into a dazed or semi-conscious state.
stunt:Prevent from growing or developing properly.
stunted:Having been prevented from growing or developing properly.
stuntman:A person employed to take an actor's place in performing dangerous stunts.
stunts:Prevent from growing or developing properly.
stupefaction:The state of being stupefied.
stupefied:Make (someone) unable to think or feel properly.
stupefy:Make (someone) unable to think or feel properly.
stupefying:Making one unable to think or feel properly.
stupendous:Extremely impressive.
stupid:A stupid person (often used as a term of address)
stupider:A stupid person (often used as a term of address)
stupidest:A stupid person (often used as a term of address)
stupidity:Behavior that shows a lack of good sense or judgment.
stupidly:In a way that lacks intelligence or common sense.
stupor:A state of near-unconsciousness or insensibility.
stupors:A state of near-unconsciousness or insensibility.
sturdiest:Vertigo in sheep caused by a tapeworm larva encysted in the brain.
sturdy:Vertigo in sheep caused by a tapeworm larva encysted in the brain.
sturgeon:A very large primitive fish with bony plates on the body. It occurs in temperate seas and rivers of the northern hemisphere, especially central Eurasia, and is of commercial importance for its caviar and flesh.
stutter:Talk with continued involuntary repetition of sounds, especially initial consonants.
stuttered:Talk with continued involuntary repetition of sounds, especially initial consonants.
stuttering:The action or fact of speaking with a stutter.
sty:Keep (a pig) in a sty.
style:Design or make in a particular form.
styled:Design or make in a particular form.
styles:Design or make in a particular form.
styli:A hard point, typically of diamond or sapphire, following a groove in a record and transmitting the recorded sound for reproduction.
styling:The way in which something is made, designed, or performed.
stylised:Depicted or treated in a mannered and non-realistic style.
stylish:Fashionably elegant and sophisticated.
stylishly:In a fashionably elegant manner.
stylist:A designer of fashionable styles of clothing.
stylistic:Of or concerning style, especially literary style.
stylistically:In a way that relates to the style in which something is written or done.
stylistics:The study of the distinctive styles found in particular literary genres and in the works of individual writers.
stylists:A designer of fashionable styles of clothing.
stylus:A hard point, typically of diamond or sapphire, following a groove in a record and transmitting the recorded sound for reproduction.
styluses:A hard point, typically of diamond or sapphire, following a groove in a record and transmitting the recorded sound for reproduction.
stymie:Prevent or hinder the progress of.
stymied:Prevent or hinder the progress of.
styrene:An unsaturated liquid hydrocarbon obtained as a petroleum byproduct. It is easily polymerized and is used to make plastics and resins.
styx:One of the rivers in the underworld, over which Charon ferried the souls of the dead.
suasion:Persuasion as opposed to force or compulsion.
suave:Charming, confident, and elegant (typically used of a man)
sub:A submarine.
subaltern:An officer in the British army below the rank of captain, especially a second lieutenant.
subalterns:An officer in the British army below the rank of captain, especially a second lieutenant.
subarctic:Relating to the region immediately south of the Arctic Circle.
subatomic:Smaller than or occurring within an atom.
subbed:Replace or be replaced; substitute.
subbing:Replace or be replaced; substitute.
subclass:A secondary or subordinate class.
subclasses:A secondary or subordinate class.
subcommittee:A committee composed of some members of a larger committee, board, or other body and reporting to it.
subcommittees:A committee composed of some members of a larger committee, board, or other body and reporting to it.
subconscious:The subconscious part of the mind (not in technical use in psychoanalysis, where unconscious is preferred)
subconsciously:In a way that is influenced by the part of the mind of which one is not fully aware.
subcontinent:A large, distinguishable part of a continent, such as North America or southern Africa.
subcontract:Employ a business or person outside one's company to do (work) as part of a larger project.
subcontracted:Employ a firm or person outside one's company to do (work) as part of a larger project.
subcontracting:Employ a firm or person outside one's company to do (work) as part of a larger project.
subcontractor:A business or person that carries out work for a company as part of a larger project.
subcontractors:A firm or person that carries out work for a company as part of a larger project.
subculture:A cultural group within a larger culture, often having beliefs or interests at variance with those of the larger culture.
subcultures:A cultural group within a larger culture, often having beliefs or interests at variance with those of the larger culture.
subcutaneous:Situated or applied under the skin.
subdivide:Divide (something that has already been divided or that is a separate unit)
subdivided:Divide (something that has already been divided or that is a separate unit)
subdivides:Divide (something that has already been divided or that is a separate unit)
subdividing:Divide (something that has already been divided or that is a separate unit)
subdivision:The action of subdividing or being subdivided.
subduction:The sideways and downward movement of the edge of a plate of the earth's crust into the mantle beneath another plate.
subdue:Overcome, quieten, or bring under control (a feeling or person)
subdued:(of a person or their manner) quiet and rather reflective or depressed.
subdues:Overcome, quieten, or bring under control (a feeling or person)
subduing:Overcome, quieten, or bring under control (a feeling or person)
subeditor:A person who checks and corrects the text of a newspaper or magazine before printing, typically also writing headlines and captions.
subfamily:A subdivision of a group.
subgroup:A subdivision of a group.
subgroups:A subdivision of a group.
subharmonic:An oscillation with a frequency equal to an integral submultiple of another frequency.
subharmonics:An oscillation with a frequency equal to an integral submultiple of another frequency.
subhuman:A subhuman creature or person.
subject:A person or thing that is being discussed, described, or dealt with.
subjected:Cause or force someone or something to undergo (a particular experience or form of treatment, typically an unwelcome or unpleasant one)
subjecting:Cause or force someone or something to undergo (a particular experience or form of treatment, typically an unwelcome or unpleasant one)
subjection:The action of subjecting a country or person to one's control, or the fact of being subjected.
subjective:The subjective case.
subjectively:In a way that is based on personal feelings, tastes, or opinions.
subjectivism:The doctrine that knowledge is merely subjective and that there is no external or objective truth.
subjectivity:The quality of being based on or influenced by personal feelings, tastes, or opinions.
subjects:Cause or force someone or something to undergo (a particular experience or form of treatment, typically an unwelcome or unpleasant one)
subjugate:Bring under domination or control, especially by conquest.
subjugated:Bring under domination or control, especially by conquest.
subjugating:Bring under domination or control, especially by conquest.
subjugation:The action of bringing someone or something under domination or control.
subjunctive:A verb in the subjunctive mood.
sublimate:(in psychoanalytic theory) divert or modify (an instinctual impulse) into a culturally higher or socially more acceptable activity.
sublimated:(in psychoanalytic theory) divert or modify (an instinctual impulse) into a culturally higher or socially more acceptable activity.
sublime:(of a solid substance) change directly into vapor when heated, typically forming a solid deposit again on cooling.
sublimed:(of a solid substance) change directly into vapour when heated, typically forming a solid deposit again on cooling.
sublimes:(of a solid substance) change directly into vapour when heated, typically forming a solid deposit again on cooling.
sublimest:(of a solid substance) change directly into vapour when heated, typically forming a solid deposit again on cooling.
subliminal:(of a stimulus or mental process) below the threshold of sensation or consciousness; perceived by or affecting someone's mind without their being aware of it.
sublunary:Belonging to this world as contrasted with a better or more spiritual one.
submarine:A warship with a streamlined hull designed to operate completely submerged in the sea for long periods, equipped with a periscope and typically armed with torpedoes or missiles.
submarines:A warship with a streamlined hull designed to operate completely submerged in the sea for long periods, equipped with a periscope and typically armed with torpedoes or missiles.
submerge:Cause to be under water.
submerged:Cause (something) to be under water.
submergence:The process or state of being submerged in or covered with water.
submerges:Cause (something) to be under water.
submerging:Cause (something) to be under water.
submersible:A submersible boat or other craft, especially one designed for research and exploration.
submersion:The action or state of submerging or being submerged.
submission:The action or fact of accepting or yielding to a superior force or to the will or authority of another person.
submissive:Ready to conform to the authority or will of others; meekly obedient or passive.
submissiveness:The quality of being submissive.
submit:Accept or yield to a superior force or to the authority or will of another person.
submits:Accept or yield to a superior force or to the authority or will of another person.
submittable:Able to be submitted, capable of being submitted; =  submissible .
submitted:Accept or yield to a superior force or to the authority or will of another person.
submitter:A person who presents a proposal, application, or other document to a person or body for consideration or judgment.
submitters:A person who presents a proposal, application, or other document to a person or body for consideration or judgement.
submitting:Accept or yield to a superior force or to the authority or will of another person.
subnormal:Not meeting standards or reaching a level regarded as usual.
suboptimal:Of less than the highest standard or quality.
subordinate:Treat or regard as of lesser importance than something else.
subordinated:Treat or regard as of lesser importance than something else.
subordinates:Treat or regard as of lesser importance than something else.
subordinating:Treat or regard as of lesser importance than something else.
subordination:The action or state of subordinating or of being subordinate.
subplot:A subordinate plot in a play, novel, or similar work.
subplots:A subordinate plot in a play, novel, or similar work.
subpoena:Summon (someone) with a subpoena.
subpoenaed:Summon (someone) with a subpoena.
subroutine:A set of instructions designed to perform a frequently used operation within a program.
subroutines:A set of instructions designed to perform a frequently used operation within a program.
subs:Replace or be replaced; substitute.
subscribe:Arrange to receive something regularly, typically a publication, by paying in advance.
subscribed:Arrange to receive something, typically a publication, regularly by paying in advance.
subscriber:A person who receives a publication regularly by paying in advance.
subscribers:A person who receives a publication regularly by paying in advance.
subscribes:Arrange to receive something, typically a publication, regularly by paying in advance.
subscribing:Arrange to receive something, typically a publication, regularly by paying in advance.
subscript:A subscript letter, figure, or symbol.
subscription:The action of making or agreeing to make an advance payment in order to receive or participate in something.
subscriptions:An arrangement to receive something, typically a publication, regularly by paying in advance.
subscripts:A subscript letter, figure, or symbol.
subsection:A division of a section.
subsections:A division of a section.
subsequent:Coming after something in time; following.
subsequently:After a particular thing has happened; afterward.
subservience:Willingness to obey others unquestioningly.
subservient:Prepared to obey others unquestioningly.
subset:A part of a larger group of related things.
subsets:A part of a larger group of related things.
subside:Become less intense, violent, or severe.
subsided:Become less intense, violent, or severe.
subsidence:The gradual caving in or sinking of an area of land.
subsides:Become less intense, violent, or severe.
subsidiaries:A company controlled by a holding company.
subsidiary:A company controlled by a holding company.
subsidies:A sum of money granted by the state or a public body to help an industry or business keep the price of a commodity or service low.
subsiding:Become less intense, violent, or severe.
subsidised:(of an organization or activity) supported financially.
subsidy:A sum of money granted by the government or a public body to assist an industry or business so that the price of a commodity or service may remain low or competitive.
subsist:Maintain or support oneself, especially at a minimal level.
subsistence:The action or fact of maintaining or supporting oneself at a minimum level.
subsisting:Maintain or support oneself, especially at a minimal level.
subsoil:Plow (land) so as to cut into the subsoil.
subspace:A space that is wholly contained in another space, or whose points or elements are all in another space.
subspecies:A taxonomic category that ranks below species, usually a fairly permanent geographically isolated race. Subspecies are designated by a Latin trinomial, e.g., (in zoology) Ursus arctos horribilis or (in botany) Beta vulgaris subsp. crassa.
substance:A particular kind of matter with uniform properties.
substances:A particular kind of matter with uniform properties.
substandard:Below the usual or required standard.
substantial:Of considerable importance, size, or worth.
substantially:To a great or significant extent.
substantiate:Provide evidence to support or prove the truth of.
substantiated:Provide evidence to support or prove the truth of.
substantiating:Provide evidence to support or prove the truth of.
substantive:A noun.
substantively:In a way that is important, meaningful, or considerable.
substantives:A noun.
substation:A set of equipment reducing the high voltage of electrical power transmission to that suitable for supply to consumers.
substitute:Use or add in place of.
substituted:Added to or taking the place of something else.
substitutes:Use or add in place of.
substituting:Use or add in place of.
substitution:The action of replacing someone or something with another person or thing.
substitutions:The action of replacing someone or something with another person or thing.
substrata:An underlying layer or substance, in particular a layer of rock or soil beneath the surface of the ground.
substrate:An underlying substance or layer.
substrates:An underlying substance or layer.
substratum:An underlying layer or substance, in particular a layer of rock or soil beneath the surface of the ground.
substructure:An underlying or supporting structure.
substructures:An underlying or supporting structure.
subsume:Include or absorb (something) in something else.
subsumed:Include or absorb (something) in something else.
subsumes:Include or absorb (something) in something else.
subsuming:Include or absorb (something) in something else.
subsurface:The stratum or strata below the earth's surface.
subsystem:A self-contained system within a larger system.
subsystems:A self-contained system within a larger system.
subtenants:A person who leases property from a tenant.
subtend:(of a line, arc, or figure) form (an angle) at a particular point when straight lines from its extremities are joined at that point.
subtended:(of a line, arc, or figure) form (an angle) at a particular point when straight lines from its extremities are joined at that point.
subtending:(of a line, arc, or figure) form (an angle) at a particular point when straight lines from its extremities are joined at that point.
subtends:(of a line, arc, or figure) form (an angle) at a particular point when straight lines from its extremities are joined at that point.
subterfuge:Deceit used in order to achieve one's goal.
subterranean:Existing, occurring, or done under the earth's surface.
subtext:An underlying and often distinct theme in a piece of writing or conversation.
subtitle:Provide (a movie or program) with subtitles.
subtitled:Provide (a film or programme) with subtitles.
subtitles:Provide (a film or programme) with subtitles.
subtitling:Provide (a film or programme) with subtitles.
subtle:(especially of a change or distinction) so delicate or precise as to be difficult to analyze or describe.
subtler:(especially of a change or distinction) so delicate or precise as to be difficult to analyse or describe.
subtlest:(especially of a change or distinction) so delicate or precise as to be difficult to analyse or describe.
subtlety:The quality or state of being subtle.
subtly:In a manner that is so delicate or precise as to be difficult to analyze or describe.
subtotal:Add (numbers) so as to obtain a subtotal.
subtotals:Add (numbers) so as to obtain a subtotal.
subtract:Take away (a number or amount) from another to calculate the difference.
subtracted:Take away (a number or amount) from another to calculate the difference.
subtracting:Take away (a number or amount) from another to calculate the difference.
subtraction:The process or skill of taking one number or amount away from another.
subtractions:The process or skill of taking one number or amount away from another.
subtractively:In a subtractive manner; by subtraction.
subtracts:Take away (a number or amount) from another to calculate the difference.
subtropical:Relating to or characteristic of the regions adjacent to or bordering on the tropics.
subtropics:The regions adjacent to or bordering on the tropics.
subtype:A secondary or subordinate type.
subtypes:A secondary or subordinate type.
subunit:A distinct component of something.
subunits:A distinct component of something.
suburb:An outlying district of a city, especially a residential one.
suburban:Of or characteristic of a suburb.
suburbia:The suburbs or their inhabitants viewed collectively.
suburbs:An outlying district of a city, especially a residential one.
subvention:A grant of money, especially from a government.
subventions:A grant of money, especially from a government.
subversion:The undermining of the power and authority of an established system or institution.
subversive:A subversive person.
subversives:A subversive person.
subvert:Undermine the power and authority of (an established system or institution)
subverted:Undermine the power and authority of (an established system or institution)
subverting:Undermine the power and authority of (an established system or institution)
subverts:Undermine the power and authority of (an established system or institution)
subway:An underground electric railroad.
subways:A tunnel under a road for use by pedestrians.
subzero:Below zero on the Fahrenheit scale (–18 Celsius); very cold.
succeed:Achieve the desired aim or result.
succeeded:Achieve the desired aim or result.
succeeding:Coming after something in time; subsequent.
succeeds:Achieve the desired aim or result.
success:The accomplishment of an aim or purpose.
successes:The accomplishment of an aim or purpose.
successful:Accomplishing an aim or purpose.
successfully:In a way that accomplishes a desired aim or result.
succession:A number of people or things sharing a specified characteristic and following one after the other.
successions:A number of people or things of a similar kind following one after the other.
successive:Following one another or following others.
successively:Immediately one after another.
successor:A person or thing that succeeds another.
successors:A person or thing that succeeds another.
succinct:(especially of something written or spoken) briefly and clearly expressed.
succinctly:In a brief and clearly expressed manner.
succour:Give assistance or aid to.
succulent:A succulent plant.
succumb:Fail to resist pressure, temptation, or some other negative force.
succumbed:Fail to resist pressure, temptation, or some other negative force.
succumbing:Fail to resist pressure, temptation, or some other negative force.
succumbs:Fail to resist pressure, temptation, or some other negative force.
such:Of the type previously mentioned.
suchlike:Of the type mentioned.
suck:Draw into the mouth by contracting the muscles of the lip and mouth to make a partial vacuum.
sucked:Draw into the mouth by contracting the muscles of the lips and mouth to make a partial vacuum.
sucker:Fool or trick (someone)
suckers:Fool or trick (someone)
sucking:(of a child or animal) not yet weaned.
suckle:Feed (a baby or young animal) from the breast or teat.
suckled:Feed (a baby or young animal) from the breast or teat.
suckles:Feed (a baby or young animal) from the breast or teat.
suckling:An unweaned child or animal.
sucklings:An unweaned child or animal.
sucks:Draw into the mouth by contracting the muscles of the lips and mouth to make a partial vacuum.
sucrose:A compound which is the chief component of cane or beet sugar.
suction:Remove (something) using suction.
sudan:A country in northeastern Africa south of Egypt, with a coastline on the Red Sea; population 40,200,000 (estimated 2015); languages, Arabic (official), Hausa, and others; capital, Khartoum.
sudden:Suddenly.
suddenly:Quickly and unexpectedly.
suds:Lather, cover, or wash in soapy water.
sue:Institute legal proceedings against (a person or institution), typically for redress.
sued:Institute legal proceedings against (a person or institution), typically for redress.
suede:Leather with the flesh side rubbed to make a velvety nap.
sues:Institute legal proceedings against (a person or institution), typically for redress.
suet:The hard white fat on the kidneys and loins of cattle, sheep, and other animals, used to make foods including puddings, pastry, and mincemeat.
suffer:Experience or be subjected to (something bad or unpleasant)
sufferance:Absence of objection rather than genuine approval; toleration.
suffered:Experience or be subjected to (something bad or unpleasant)
sufferer:A person who is affected by an illness or ailment.
sufferers:A person who is affected by an illness or ailment.
suffering:The state of undergoing pain, distress, or hardship.
sufferings:The state of undergoing pain, distress, or hardship.
suffers:Experience or be subjected to (something bad or unpleasant)
suffice:Be enough or adequate.
sufficed:Be enough or adequate.
suffices:Be enough or adequate.
sufficiency:The condition or quality of being adequate or sufficient.
sufficient:Enough; adequate.
sufficiently:To an adequate degree; enough.
sufficing:Be enough or adequate.
suffix:Append, especially as a suffix.
suffixed:Append (something), especially as a suffix.
suffixes:Append (something), especially as a suffix.
suffocate:Die or cause to die from lack of air or inability to breathe.
suffocated:Feeling trapped and oppressed.
suffocates:Die or cause to die from lack of air or inability to breathe.
suffocating:Causing difficulty in breathing.
suffocation:The state or process of dying from being deprived of air or unable to breathe.
suffrage:The right to vote in political elections.
suffragette:A woman seeking the right to vote through organized protest.
suffragettes:A woman seeking the right to vote through organized protest.
suffragist:A person advocating that the right to vote be extended to more people, especially to women.
suffuse:Gradually spread through or over.
suffused:Gradually spread through or over.
suffuses:Gradually spread through or over.
suffusing:Gradually spread through or over.
sugar:Sweeten, sprinkle, or coat with sugar.
sugarcoated:(of an item of food) coated with sugar.
sugared:Sweetened, sprinkled, or coated with sugar.
sugaring:The boiling down of maple sap until it thickens into syrup or crystallizes into sugar.
sugarplums:A small round sweet of flavoured boiled sugar.
sugars:Sweeten, sprinkle, or coat with sugar.
sugary:Containing much sugar.
suggest:Put forward for consideration.
suggested:Put forward for consideration.
suggestible:Open to suggestion; easily swayed.
suggesting:Put forward for consideration.
suggestion:An idea or plan put forward for consideration.
suggestions:An idea or plan put forward for consideration.
suggestive:Tending to suggest an idea.
suggests:Put forward for consideration.
suicidal:Deeply unhappy or depressed and likely to commit suicide.
suicide:The action of killing oneself intentionally.
suing:Institute legal proceedings against (a person or institution), typically for redress.
suit:Be convenient for or acceptable to.
suitability:The quality of being right or appropriate for a particular person, purpose, or situation.
suitable:Right or appropriate for a particular person, purpose, or situation.
suitably:In a way that is right or appropriate for a particular purpose or situation.
suitcase:A case with a handle and a hinged lid, used for carrying clothes and other personal possessions.
suitcases:A case with a handle and a hinged lid, used for carrying clothes and other personal possessions.
suite:A set of rooms designated for one person's or family's use or for a particular purpose.
suited:Right or appropriate for a particular person, purpose, or situation.
suites:A set of rooms designated for one person's or family's use or for a particular purpose.
suiting:Fabric of a suitable quality for making suits, trousers, jackets, and skirts.
suitor:A man who pursues a relationship with a particular woman, with a view to marriage.
suitors:A man who pursues a relationship with a particular woman, with a view to marriage.
suits:Be convenient for or acceptable to.
sulk:Be silent, morose, and bad-tempered out of annoyance or disappointment.
sulked:Be silent, morose, and bad-tempered out of annoyance or disappointment.
sulkier:A light two-wheeled horse-drawn vehicle for one person, used chiefly in trotting races.
sulkiest:A light two-wheeled horse-drawn vehicle for one person, used chiefly in trotting races.
sulking:Be silent, morose, and bad-tempered out of annoyance or disappointment.
sulks:Be silent, morose, and bad-tempered out of annoyance or disappointment.
sulky:A light two-wheeled horse-drawn vehicle for one person, used chiefly in harness racing.
sullen:A sulky or depressed mood.
sullied:Damage the purity or integrity of.
sully:Damage the purity or integrity of; defile.
sullying:Damage the purity or integrity of.
sulphate:A salt or ester of sulphuric acid, containing the anion SO₄²⁻ or the divalent group —OSO₂O—.
sulphates:A salt or ester of sulphuric acid, containing the anion SO₄²⁻ or the divalent group —OSO₂O—.
sulphide:A binary compound of sulphur with another element or group.
sulphides:A binary compound of sulphur with another element or group.
sulphonamides:Any of a class of synthetic drugs, derived from sulphanilamide, which are able to prevent the multiplication of some pathogenic bacteria.
sulphur:A city in southwestern Louisiana, a western suburb of Lake Charles; population 19,450 (est. 2008).
sulphuric:Containing sulphur or sulphuric acid.
sulphurous:(chiefly of vapour) containing or derived from sulphur.
sultan:A Muslim sovereign.
sultana:A small, light brown, seedless raisin used in foods such as puddings and cakes.
sultanas:A small, light brown, seedless raisin used in foods such as puddings and cakes.
sultans:A Muslim sovereign.
sultry:(of the air or weather) hot and humid.
sum:Find the sum of (two or more amounts)
sumatra:A large island of Indonesia, situated to the southwest of the Malay Peninsula, from which it is separated by the Strait of Malacca; chief city, Medan.
summa:A summary of a subject.
summability:With reference to an infinite series: the property or fact of being summable.
summable:Of an infinite series: having the property that the sequence of partial sums converges to a definite value, which is taken as the sum of the series; = "convergent". Also: designating an infinite sequence whose associated series has this property.
summaries:A brief statement or account of the main points of something.
summarily:In a summary manner; without the customary formalities.
summarise:Give a brief statement of the main points of (something)
summarised:Give a brief statement of the main points of (something)
summarises:Give a brief statement of the main points of (something)
summarising:Give a brief statement of the main points of (something)
summary:A brief statement or account of the main points of something.
summation:The process of adding things together.
summed:Find the sum of (two or more amounts)
summer:Spend the summer in a particular place.
summers:Spend the summer in a particular place.
summertime:The season or period of summer.
summery:Characteristic of or suitable for summer.
summing:Find the sum of (two or more amounts)
summit:Reach the summit of (a mountain or hill)
summits:Reach the summit of (a mountain or hill)
summon:Authoritatively or urgently call on (someone) to be present, especially as a defendant or witness in a law court.
summoned:Order (someone) to be present.
summoning:Order (someone) to be present.
summons:Serve (someone) with a summons.
summonsed:Serve (someone) with a summons.
summonses:Serve (someone) with a summons.
summonsing:Serve (someone) with a summons.
sumo:A Japanese form of heavyweight wrestling, in which a wrestler wins a bout by forcing his opponent outside a marked circle or by making him touch the ground with any part of his body except the soles of his feet.A person who participates in sumo wrestling.
sump:A pit or hollow in which liquid collects, especially one in the floor of a mine or basement.
sumps:A pit or hollow in which liquid collects, especially one in the floor of a mine or cave.
sumptuous:Splendid and expensive-looking.
sums:Find the sum of (two or more amounts)
sun:Sit or lie in the sun.
sunbath:A period of sunbathing.
sunbathe:Sit or lie in the sun, especially to tan the skin.
sunbathed:Sit or lie in the sun, especially to tan the skin.
sunbathing:The activity of sitting or lying in the sun, especially to tan the skin.
sunbeam:A ray of sunlight.
sunbeams:A ray of sunlight.
sunbed:A lounger used for sunbathing.
sunbeds:A lounger used for sunbathing.
sunblock:A cream or lotion for protecting the skin from the sun and preventing sunburn.
sunburn:Cause to be affected with sunburn.
sunburned:Having reddened or inflamed skin as result of overexposure to the sun.
sunburns:Cause to be affected with sunburn.
sunburnt:Cause to be affected with sunburn.
sunburst:A sudden brief appearance of the full sun from behind clouds.
sundaes:A dish of ice cream with added ingredients such as fruit, nuts, and syrup.
sunday:On Sunday.
sundays:On Sunday.
sundial:An instrument showing the time by the shadow of a pointer cast by the sun on to a plate marked with the hours of the day.
sundials:An instrument showing the time by the shadow of a pointer cast by the sun on to a plate marked with the hours of the day.
sundown:The time in the evening when the sun disappears or daylight fades.
sundries:Various items not important enough to be mentioned individually.
sundry:Of various kinds; several.
sunflower:A tall North American plant of the daisy family, with very large golden-rayed flowers. Sunflowers are cultivated for their edible seeds, which are an important source of oil for cooking and margarine.
sunflowers:A tall North American plant of the daisy family, with very large golden-rayed flowers. Sunflowers are cultivated for their edible seeds, which are an important source of oil for cooking and margarine.
sung:Make musical sounds with the voice, especially words with a set tune.
sunglasses:Glasses tinted to protect the eyes from sunlight or glare.
sunk:Go down below the surface of something, especially of a liquid; become submerged.
sunken:Having sunk or been submerged in water.
sunless:Without any sun.
sunlight:Light from the sun.
sunlit:Illuminated by direct light from the sun.
sunned:Sit or lie in the sun.
sunnier:Bright with sunlight.
sunning:Sit or lie in the sun.
sunny:Bright with sunlight.
sunrise:The time in the morning when the sun appears or full daylight arrives.
sunroof:A panel in the roof of a car that can be opened for extra ventilation.
suns:Sit or lie in the sun.
sunscreen:A cream or lotion rubbed on to the skin to protect it from the sun.
sunscreens:A cream or lotion rubbed on to the skin to protect it from the sun.
sunset:The time in the evening when the sun disappears or daylight fades.
sunshade:A parasol, awning, or other device giving protection from the sun.
sunshine:Direct sunlight unbroken by cloud, especially over a comparatively large area.
sunstroke:Heatstroke brought about by excessive exposure to the sun.
suntan:A brown or darkened shade of skin developed after exposure to the sun.
suntanned:(of a person) having brown or darkened skin after exposure to the sun.
sup:Take (drink or liquid food) by sips or spoonfuls.
super:Especially; particularly.
superabundant:Excessive in quantity; more than sufficient; overabundant.
superannuate:Retire (someone) with a pension.
superannuated:Obsolete through age or new technological or intellectual developments.
superannuating:Retire (someone) with a pension.
superannuation:Regular payment made into a fund by an employee toward a future pension.
superb:Excellent.
superbly:Very well; excellently.
supercharged:(of an internal combustion engine) fitted with a supercharger.
supercharger:A device that increases the pressure of the fuel-air mixture in an internal combustion engine, used in order to achieve greater efficiency.
supercilious:Behaving or looking as though one thinks one is superior to others.
supercomputer:A particularly powerful mainframe computer.
superconductivity:The property of zero electrical resistance in some substances at very low absolute temperatures.
superconductor:A substance capable of becoming superconducting at sufficiently low temperatures.
superconductors:A substance capable of becoming superconducting at sufficiently low temperatures.
supercritical:Above a critical threshold.
superficial:Existing or occurring at or on the surface.
superficiality:Lack of thoroughness, depth of character, or serious thought.
superficially:As to the outward appearance only; on the surface.
superfix:To fix on or attach to something else.
superfluities:An unnecessarily or excessively large amount or number of something.
superfluity:An unnecessarily or excessively large amount or number of something.
superfluous:Unnecessary, especially through being more than enough.
superglue:Stick with superglue.
superheated:Heat (a liquid) under pressure above its boiling point without vaporization.
superhero:A benevolent fictional character with superhuman powers, such as Superman.
superhuman:Having or showing exceptional ability or powers.
superimpose:Place or lay (one thing) over another, typically so that both are still evident.
superimposed:Placed or laid over something else, typically so that both things are still evident.
superimposing:Place or lay (one thing) over another, typically so that both are still evident.
superimposition:The action of placing or laying one thing over another, typically so that both are still evident.
superintend:Be responsible for the management or arrangement of (an activity or organization); oversee.
superintendence:The management or arrangement of an activity or organization; supervision.
superintendent:A person who manages or superintends an organization or activity.
superintendents:A person who manages or superintends an organization or activity.
superior:A person or thing superior to another in rank, status, or quality, especially a colleague in a higher position.
superiority:The state of being superior.
superiors:A person superior to another in rank or status, especially a colleague in a higher position.
superlative:A superlative adjective or adverb.
superlatives:A superlative adjective or adverb.
superman:A US cartoon, TV, and film character having great strength, the ability to fly, and other extraordinary powers.A man with exceptional physical or mental ability.
supermarket:A large self-service store selling foods and household goods.
supermarkets:A large self-service shop selling foods and household goods.
supermodel:A successful fashion model who has reached the status of a celebrity.
supernatural:Manifestations or events considered to be of supernatural origin, such as ghosts.
supernova:A star that suddenly increases greatly in brightness because of a catastrophic explosion that ejects most of its mass.
supernumerary:A supernumerary person or thing.
superordinate:A thing that represents a superior order or category within a system of classification.
superpose:Place (something) on or above something else, especially so that they coincide.
superposition:The action of placing one thing on or above another, especially so that they coincide.
superpower:A very powerful and influential nation (used especially with reference to the US and the former Soviet Union when these were perceived as the two most powerful nations in the world).
supersaturated:Increase the concentration of (a solution) beyond saturation point.
superscript:A superscript letter, figure, or symbol.
supersede:Take the place of (a person or thing previously in authority or use); supplant.
superseded:Take the place of (a person or thing previously in authority or use); supplant.
supersonic:Involving or denoting a speed greater than that of sound.
superstar:A high-profile and extremely successful performer or athlete.
superstars:An extremely famous and successful performer or sports player.
superstition:Excessively credulous belief in and reverence for supernatural beings.
superstitious:Having or showing a belief in superstitions.
superstore:A retail store, as a grocery store or bookstore, with more than the average amount of space and variety of stock.
superstructure:A structure built on top of something else.
superstructures:A structure built on top of something else.
supertanker:A very large oil tanker, specifically one whose dead-weight capacity exceeds 75,000 tons.
supervene:Occur later than a specified or implied event or action, typically in such a way as to change the situation.
supervise:Observe and direct the execution of (a task, project, or activity)
supervised:Observe and direct the execution of (a task or activity)
supervises:Observe and direct the execution of (a task or activity)
supervising:Observe and direct the execution of (a task or activity)
supervision:The action of supervising someone or something.
supervisor:A person who supervises a person or an activity.
supervisors:A person who supervises a person or an activity.
supervisory:Having or relating to the role of observing and directing an activity or a person.
supine:A Latin verbal noun used only in the accusative and ablative cases, especially to denote purpose (e.g., dictu in mirabile dictu “wonderful to relate”).
supped:Take (drink or liquid food) by sips or spoonfuls.
supper:An evening meal, typically a light or informal one.
supplant:Supersede and replace.
supplanted:Supersede and replace.
supplanting:Supersede and replace.
supple:Make more flexible.
supplement:Add an extra element or amount to.
supplemental:Provided in addition to what is already present or available to complete or enhance it.
supplementary:A supplementary person or thing.
supplementation:The addition of an extra element or amount to something.
supplemented:Add an extra element or amount to.
supplementing:Add an extra element or amount to.
supplements:Add an extra element or amount to.
suppliant:A person making a humble plea to someone in power or authority.
suppliants:A person making a humble or earnest plea to someone in power or authority.
supplicant:A person making a humble or earnest plea to someone in power or authority.
supplicate:Ask or beg for something earnestly or humbly.
supplicating:Ask or beg for something earnestly or humbly.
supplication:The action of asking or begging for something earnestly or humbly.
supplications:The action of asking or begging for something earnestly or humbly.
supplied:Make (something needed or wanted) available to someone; provide.
supplier:A person or organization that provides something needed such as a product or service.
suppliers:A person or organization that provides something needed such as a product or service.
supplies:Make (something needed or wanted) available to someone; provide.
supply:Make (something needed or wanted) available to someone; provide.
supplying:Make (something needed or wanted) available to someone; provide.
support:Bear all or part of the weight of; hold up.
supported:Bear all or part of the weight of; hold up.
supporter:A person who approves of and encourages someone or something (typically a public figure, a movement or party, or a policy)
supporters:A person who approves of and encourages a public figure, political party, policy, etc.
supporting:Bearing all or part of the weight of something.
supportive:Providing encouragement or emotional help.
supports:Bear all or part of the weight of; hold up.
suppose:Assume that something is the case on the basis of evidence or probability but without proof or certain knowledge.
supposed:Generally assumed or believed to be the case, but not necessarily so.
supposedly:According to what is generally assumed or believed (often used to indicate that the speaker doubts the truth of the statement)
supposing:Think or assume that something is true or probable but lack proof or certain knowledge.
supposition:An uncertain belief.
suppositories:A solid medical preparation in a roughly conical or cylindrical shape, designed to be inserted into the rectum or vagina to dissolve.
suppress:Forcibly put an end to.
suppressed:Forcibly put an end to.
suppressing:Forcibly put an end to.
suppression:The action of suppressing something such as an activity or publication.
suppressor:A person or group that deprives others of power or prevents something from happening.
suppurating:Undergo the formation of pus; fester.
supranational:Having power or influence that transcends national boundaries or governments.
supremacist:A person who believes that a particular group, especially one determined by race, religion, or sex, is superior and should therefore dominate society.
supremacy:The state or condition of being superior to all others in authority, power, or status.
supreme:A rich cream sauce.
supremely:Very well; excellently.
supremo:A person in overall charge of an organization or activity.
sups:Take (drink or liquid food) by sips or spoonfuls.
surcharge:Exact an additional charge or payment from.
surd:A surd number, especially the irrational root of an integer.
sure:Certainly (used for emphasis)
surely:Used to emphasize the speaker's firm belief that what they are saying is true and often their surprise that there is any doubt of this.
surer:Certainly (used for emphasis)
surest:Certainly (used for emphasis)
sureties:A person who takes responsibility for another's performance of an undertaking, for example their appearing in court or paying a debt.
surety:A person who takes responsibility for another's performance of an undertaking, for example their appearing in court or the payment of a debt.
surf:Stand or lie on a surfboard and ride on a wave towards the shore.
surface:Rise or come up to the surface of the water or the ground.
surfaced:Having an outside part or upper layer, especially of a specified kind.
surfaces:Rise or come up to the surface of the water or the ground.
surfacing:Rise or come up to the surface of the water or the ground.
surfactant:A substance which tends to reduce the surface tension of a liquid in which it is dissolved.
surfactants:A substance which tends to reduce the surface tension of a liquid in which it is dissolved.
surfboard:A long, narrow streamlined board used in surfing.
surfed:Stand or lie on a surfboard and ride on a wave towards the shore.
surfeit:Cause (someone) to desire no more of something as a result of having consumed or done it to excess.
surfer:A person who rides a wave toward the shore while standing or lying on a surfboard.
surfers:A person who rides a wave towards the shore while standing or lying on a surfboard.
surfing:The sport or pastime of riding a wave towards the shore while standing or lying on a surfboard.
surge:A sudden powerful forward or upward movement, especially by a crowd or by a natural force such as the waves or tide.
surged:(of a crowd or a natural force) move suddenly and powerfully forward or upward.
surgeon:A medical practitioner qualified to practice surgery.
surgeons:A medical practitioner qualified to practise surgery.
surgeries:The branch of medical practice that treats injuries, diseases, and deformities by the physical removal, repair, or readjustment of organs and tissues, often involving cutting into the body.
surgery:The branch of medical practice that treats injuries, diseases, and deformities by the physical removal, repair, or readjustment of organs and tissues, often involving cutting into the body.
surges:(of a crowd or a natural force) move suddenly and powerfully forward or upward.
surgical:Relating to or used in surgery.
surgically:By means of a medical operation involving incision or manipulation.
surging:(of a crowd or a natural force) move suddenly and powerfully forward or upward.
surly:Bad-tempered and unfriendly.
surmise:Suppose that something is true without having evidence to confirm it.
surmount:Overcome (a difficulty or obstacle)
surmounted:Overcome (a difficulty or obstacle)
surname:Give a surname to.
surpass:Exceed; be greater than.
surpassed:Exceed; be greater than.
surpasses:Exceed; be greater than.
surpassing:Incomparable or outstanding.
surplice:A loose white linen vestment varying from hip-length to calf-length, worn over a cassock by clergy, acolytes, and choristers at Christian church services.
surplus:An amount of something left over when requirements have been met; an excess of production or supply over demand.
surpluses:An amount of something left over when requirements have been met; an excess of production or supply.
surprise:(of something unexpected) cause (someone) to feel mild astonishment or shock.
surprised:Feeling or showing surprise.
surprises:(of something unexpected) cause (someone) to feel mild astonishment or shock.
surprising:Causing surprise; unexpected.
surprisingly:In a way that causes surprise; unexpectedly.
surreal:Having the qualities of surrealism; bizarre.
surrealism:A 20th-century avant-garde movement in art and literature which sought to release the creative potential of the unconscious mind, for example by the irrational juxtaposition of images.
surrender:Cease resistance to an enemy or opponent and submit to their authority.
surrendered:Stop resisting to an enemy or opponent and submit to their authority.
surrendering:Stop resisting to an enemy or opponent and submit to their authority.
surrenders:Stop resisting to an enemy or opponent and submit to their authority.
surreptitious:Kept secret, especially because it would not be approved of.
surreptitiously:In a way that attempts to avoid notice or attention; secretively.
surrey:A light four-wheeled carriage with two seats facing forward.
surrogacy:The action or state of being a surrogate.
surrogate:A substitute, especially a person deputizing for another in a specific role or office.
surrogates:A substitute, especially a person deputizing for another in a specific role or office.
surround:Be all around (someone or something)
surrounded:Be all round (someone or something)
surrounding:All around a particular place or thing.
surroundings:The things and conditions around a person or thing.
surrounds:Be all round (someone or something)
surtax:An additional tax on something already taxed, such as a higher rate of tax on incomes above a certain level.
surveillance:Close observation, especially of a suspected spy or criminal.
survey:(of a person or their eyes) look carefully and thoroughly at (someone or something), especially so as to appraise them.
surveyed:Look closely at or examine (someone or something)
surveying:The profession or work of examining and recording the area and features of a piece of land so as to construct a map, plan, or detailed description of it.
surveyor:A person who surveys, especially one whose profession is the surveying of land.
surveyors:A person who examines the condition of land and buildings professionally.
surveys:Look closely at or examine (someone or something)
survivability:The quality of being able to survive or continue to exist.
survivable:(of an accident or ordeal) able to be survived; not fatal.
survival:The state or fact of continuing to live or exist, typically in spite of an accident, ordeal, or difficult circumstances.
survive:Continue to live or exist, especially in spite of danger or hardship.
survived:Continue to live or exist, especially in spite of danger or hardship.
survives:Continue to live or exist, especially in spite of danger or hardship.
surviving:Remaining alive, especially after the death of another or others.
survivor:A person who survives, especially a person remaining alive after an event in which others have died.
survivors:A person who survives, especially a person remaining alive after an event in which others have died.
susceptibilities:The state or fact of being likely or liable to be influenced or harmed by a particular thing.
susceptibility:The state or fact of being likely or liable to be influenced or harmed by a particular thing.
susceptible:Likely or liable to be influenced or harmed by a particular thing.
sushi:A Japanese dish consisting of small balls or rolls of vinegar-flavored cold cooked rice served with a garnish of raw fish, vegetables, or egg.
suspect:Have an idea or impression of the existence, presence, or truth of (something) without certain proof.
suspected:Believed to exist or to be true, without certain proof.
suspects:Have an idea or impression of the existence, presence, or truth of (something) without certain proof.
suspend:Temporarily prevent from continuing or being in force or effect.
suspended:(of a sentence) imposed by a judge or court but not enforced as long as no further offense is committed within a specified period.
suspender:A pair of straps that pass over the shoulders and fasten to the waistband of a pair of trousers or a skirt at the front and back to hold it up.
suspenders:A pair of straps that pass over the shoulders and fasten to the waistband of a pair of trousers or a skirt at the front and back to hold it up.
suspense:A state or feeling of excited or anxious uncertainty about what may happen.
suspension:The temporary prevention of something from continuing or being in force or effect.
suspensions:The action of suspending someone or something or the condition of being suspended.
suspicion:A feeling or thought that something is possible, likely, or true.
suspicions:A feeling or thought that something is possible, likely, or true.
suspicious:Having or showing a cautious distrust of someone or something.
suspiciously:With a cautious distrust or suspicion of someone or something.
sustain:Strengthen or support physically or mentally.
sustainability:The ability to be maintained at a certain rate or level.
sustainable:Able to be maintained at a certain rate or level.
sustained:Continuing for an extended period or without interruption.
sustaining:Providing physical or mental strength or support.
sustenance:Food and drink regarded as a source of strength; nourishment.
suture:Stitch up (a wound or incision) with a suture.
suzerainty:A position of control by a sovereign or state over another state that is internally autonomous.
swab:Take a specimen of tissue or secretions from (a person or part of the body) for examination.
swabbed:Take a specimen of tissue or secretions from (a person or part of the body) for examination.
swaddled:Wrap (someone, especially a baby) in garments or cloth.
swaddling:Wrap (someone, especially a baby) in garments or cloth.
swag:Arrange in or decorate with a swag or swags of fabric.
swagger:Walk or behave in a very confident and typically arrogant or aggressive way.
swaggering:Having a very confident and arrogant or self-important manner.
swahili:A Bantu language widely used as a lingua franca in East Africa and having official status in several countries.
swallow:Cause or allow (something, especially food or drink) to pass down the throat.
swallowed:Cause or allow (something, especially food or drink) to pass down the throat.
swallower:A person or thing that swallows something.
swallowing:Cause or allow (something, especially food or drink) to pass down the throat.
swallows:Cause or allow (something, especially food or drink) to pass down the throat.
swallowtail:A large brightly colored butterfly with projections suggestive of a swallow's tail on the hind wings.
swam:Propel the body through water by using the limbs, or (in the case of a fish or other aquatic animal) by using fins, tail, or other bodily movement.
swamp:Overwhelm or flood with water.
swamped:Overwhelm or flood with water.
swamping:Overwhelm or flood with water.
swampland:Land consisting of swamps.
swamps:Overwhelm or flood with water.
swampy:Characteristic of or resembling a swamp.
swan:Move about or go somewhere in a casual, relaxed way, typically perceived as irresponsible or ostentatious by others.
swans:Move about or go somewhere in a casual, irresponsible, or ostentatious way.
swap:Take part in an exchange of.
swapped:Take part in an exchange of.
swapping:Take part in an exchange of.
sward:An expanse of short grass.
swarm:(of insects) move in or form a swarm.
swarmed:(of flying insects) move in or form a swarm.
swarming:Moving in or forming a large or dense group.
swarms:(of flying insects) move in or form a swarm.
swarthy:Dark-skinned.
swashbuckling:Daring and romantic adventure.
swastika:An ancient symbol in the form of an equal-armed cross with each arm continued at a right angle, used (in clockwise form) as the emblem of the German Nazi party.
swat:Hit or crush (something, especially an insect) with a sharp blow from a flat object.
swathe:British spelling of swath
swathes:A broad strip or area of something.
swats:Hit or crush (something, especially an insect) with a sharp blow from a flat object.
swatted:Hit or crush (something, especially an insect) with a sharp blow from a flat object.
swatting:The action or practice of making a prank call to emergency services in an attempt to bring about the dispatch of a large number of armed police officers to a particular address.
sway:Move or cause to move slowly or rhythmically backward and forward or from side to side.
swayed:Move or cause to move slowly or rhythmically backwards and forwards or from side to side.
swaying:Moving slowly or rhythmically backwards and forwards or from side to side.
sways:Move or cause to move slowly or rhythmically backwards and forwards or from side to side.
swazi:A member of a people traditionally inhabiting eSwatini (Swaziland) and Mpumalanga province in South Africa.
swazis:A member of a people traditionally inhabiting eSwatini (Swaziland) and Mpumalanga province in South Africa.
swear:Make a solemn statement or promise undertaking to do something or affirming that something is the case.
swearing:The use of offensive language.
swears:Make a solemn statement or promise undertaking to do something or affirming that something is the case.
sweat:Exude sweat.
sweatband:A band of absorbent material worn around the head or wrist to soak up sweat, especially by participants in sports.
sweated:Relating to or denoting manual workers employed at very low wages for long hours and under poor conditions.
sweater:A knitted garment typically with long sleeves, worn over the upper body.
sweaters:A knitted garment worn on the upper body, typically with long sleeves, put on over the head.
sweatier:Exuding, soaked in, or inducing sweat.
sweatiest:Exuding, soaked in, or inducing sweat.
sweating:Exude sweat.
sweats:Exude sweat.
sweatshirt:A loose, heavy shirt, typically made of cotton, worn when exercising or as leisurewear.
sweatshirts:A loose, warm sweater, typically made of cotton, worn when exercising or as leisurewear.
sweatshop:A factory or workshop, especially in the clothing industry, where manual workers are employed at very low wages for long hours and under poor conditions.
sweatshops:A factory or workshop, especially in the clothing industry, where manual workers are employed at very low wages for long hours and under poor conditions.
sweaty:Exuding, soaked in, or inducing sweat.
swede:A large, round yellow-fleshed root which is eaten as a vegetable; a rutabaga.
sweden:A country that occupies the eastern part of the Scandinavian peninsula; population 9,800,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Stockholm; language, Swedish (official).
swedish:The North Germanic language of Sweden, also spoken in parts of Finland.
sweep:Clean (an area) by brushing away dirt or litter.
sweeper:A person or device that cleans a floor or road by sweeping.
sweepers:A person or device that cleans a floor or road by sweeping.
sweeping:Dirt or refuse collected by sweeping.
sweepings:Dirt or refuse collected by sweeping.
sweeps:Clean (an area) by brushing away dirt or litter.
sweepstake:A form of gambling, especially on horse races, in which all the stakes are divided among the winners.
sweet:A small shaped piece of sweet food made with sugar.
sweetbread:The thymus gland (or, rarely, the pancreas) of an animal, especially as used for food.
sweetcorn:Maize of a variety with kernels that have a high sugar content. It is grown for human consumption and is harvested while slightly immature.
sweeten:Make or become sweet or sweeter, especially in taste.
sweetened:Make or become sweet or sweeter, especially in taste.
sweetener:A substance used to sweeten food or drink, especially one other than sugar.
sweeteners:A substance used to sweeten food or drink, especially one other than sugar.
sweetening:Make or become sweet or sweeter, especially in taste.
sweetens:Make or become sweet or sweeter, especially in taste.
sweeter:A small shaped piece of sweet food made with sugar.
sweetest:A small shaped piece of sweet food made with sugar.
sweetheart:A person with whom someone is having a romantic relationship.
sweethearts:A person with whom someone is having a romantic relationship.
sweetie:Used as a term of endearment (especially as a form of address).
sweetly:In a generally pleasing or endearing way.
sweetmeat:An item of confectionery or sweet food.
sweetmeats:An item of confectionery or sweet food.
sweetness:The quality of being sweet.
sweets:A small shaped piece of sweet food made with sugar.
swell:A full or gently rounded shape or form.
swelled:(especially of a part of the body) become larger or rounder in size, typically as a result of an accumulation of fluid.
swelling:An abnormal enlargement of a part of the body, typically as a result of an accumulation of fluid.
swellings:An abnormal enlargement of a part of the body, typically as a result of an accumulation of fluid.
swells:(especially of a part of the body) become larger or rounder in size, typically as a result of an accumulation of fluid.
sweltering:Uncomfortably hot.
swept:Clean (an area) by brushing away dirt or litter.
swerve:Change or cause to change direction abruptly.
swerved:Change or cause to change direction abruptly.
swerves:Change or cause to change direction abruptly.
swerving:Change or cause to change direction abruptly.
swift:Swiftly.
swifter:Swiftly.
swiftest:Swiftly.
swiftlet:A small swift found in southern Asia and Australasia.
swiftly:At high speed; quickly.
swiftness:The quality of moving at high speed.
swifts:Swiftly.
swill:Wash or rinse out (an area or container) by pouring large amounts of water or other liquid over or into it.
swilled:Wash or rinse out (an area or container) by pouring large amounts of water or other liquid over or into it.
swilling:Wash or rinse out (an area or container) by pouring large amounts of water or other liquid over or into it.
swim:Propel the body through water by using the limbs, or (in the case of a fish or other aquatic animal) by using fins, tail, or other bodily movement.
swimmer:A person or animal that swims.
swimmers:A swimming costume.
swimming:The sport or activity of propelling oneself through water using the limbs.
swimmingly:Smoothly and satisfactorily.
swims:Propel the body through water by using the limbs, or (in the case of a fish or other aquatic animal) by using fins, tail, or other bodily movement.
swimsuit:A garment worn for swimming.
swimsuits:A woman's one-piece swimming costume.
swimwear:Clothing worn for swimming.
swindle:Use deception to deprive (someone) of money or possessions.
swindled:Use deception to deprive (someone) of money or possessions.
swindler:A person who uses deception to deprive someone of money or possessions.
swindlers:A person who uses deception to deprive someone of money or possessions.
swindles:Use deception to deprive (someone) of money or possessions.
swindling:Use deception to deprive (someone) of money or possessions.
swine:A pig.
swines:A pig.
swing:Move or cause to move back and forth or from side to side while suspended or on an axis.
swingeing:Severe or otherwise extreme.
swinger:A lively and fashionable person who goes to a lot of social events.
swingers:A lively and fashionable person who goes to a lot of social events.
swinging:The action of moving back and forth or from side to side while suspended or on an axis.
swings:Move or cause to move back and forth or from side to side while suspended or on an axis.
swingy:(of music) characterized by an easy flowing but vigorous rhythm.
swipe:Hit or try to hit with a swinging blow.
swiped:Hit or try to hit with a swinging blow.
swipes:Hit or try to hit with a swinging blow.
swirl:Move in a twisting or spiraling pattern.
swirled:Move in a twisting or spiralling pattern.
swirling:Moving in a twisting or spiraling pattern.
swirls:Move in a twisting or spiralling pattern.
swish:Move with a hissing or rushing sound.
swished:Move with a hissing or rushing sound.
swishing:Move with a hissing or rushing sound.
swishy:Making a swishing sound or movement.
swiss:A native or inhabitant of Switzerland, or a person of Swiss descent.
switch:Change the position, direction, or focus of.
switchback:A 180° bend in a road or path, especially one leading up the side of a mountain.
switchboard:An installation for the manual control of telephone connections in an office, hotel, or other large building.
switchboards:An installation for the manual control of telephone connections in an office, hotel, or other large building.
switched:Change the position, direction, or focus of.
switcher:A shunting engine.
switches:Change the position, direction, or focus of.
switchgear:Switching equipment used in the transmission of electricity.
switching:Change the position, direction, or focus of.
swivel:Turn around a point or axis or on a swivel.
swivelled:Turn around a point or axis or on a swivel.
swivelling:Turn around a point or axis or on a swivel.
swivels:Turn around a point or axis or on a swivel.
swollen:(especially of a part of the body) become larger or rounder in size, typically as a result of an accumulation of fluid.
swoon:Faint from extreme emotion.
swooned:Faint, especially from extreme emotion.
swooning:Faint, especially from extreme emotion.
swoons:Faint, especially from extreme emotion.
swoop:(especially of a bird) move rapidly downwards through the air.
swooped:(especially of a bird) move rapidly downwards through the air.
swooping:(especially of a bird) move rapidly downwards through the air.
swoops:(especially of a bird) move rapidly downwards through the air.
swop:Take part in an exchange of.
swopped:Take part in an exchange of.
swopping:Take part in an exchange of.
swops:Take part in an exchange of.
sword:A weapon with a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard, used for thrusting or striking and now typically worn as part of ceremonial dress.
swordfish:A large edible marine fish with a streamlined body and a long flattened swordlike snout, related to the billfishes and popular as a game fish.
swords:A weapon with a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard, used for thrusting or striking and now typically worn as part of ceremonial dress.
swordsman:A man who fights with a sword (typically with his level of skill specified)
swordsmen:A man who fights with a sword (typically with his level of skill specified)
swore:Make a solemn statement or promise undertaking to do something or affirming that something is the case.
sworn:past participle of swear
swot:Study assiduously.
swots:Study assiduously.
swotted:Study assiduously.
swotting:Study assiduously.
swum:Propel the body through water by using the limbs, or (in the case of a fish or other aquatic animal) by using fins, tail, or other bodily movement.
swung:Move or cause to move back and forth or from side to side while suspended or on an axis.
sycamore:An American plane tree.
sycamores:A large Eurasian maple with winged fruits, native to central and southern Europe. It is planted as a fast-growing ornamental but tends to displace native trees.
sycophancy:Obsequious behavior toward someone important in order to gain advantage.
sycophant:A person who acts obsequiously toward someone important in order to gain advantage.
sycophantic:Behaving or done in an obsequious way in order to gain advantage.
sycophants:A person who acts obsequiously towards someone important in order to gain advantage.
sydney:The capital of New South Wales in southeastern Australia; population 4,399,722 (2008). It was the first British settlement in Australia and is the country's largest city and chief port. It has a fine natural harbor, crossed by the Sydney Harbour Bridge (opened 1932), and a striking opera house (opened 1973).
syllabary:A set of written characters representing syllables and (in some languages or stages of writing) serving the purpose of an alphabet.
syllabi:The subjects in a course of study or teaching.
syllabic:A written character that represents a syllable.
syllable:Pronounce (a word or phrase) clearly, syllable by syllable.
syllables:Pronounce (a word or phrase) clearly, syllable by syllable.
syllabub:A whipped cream dessert, typically flavored with white wine or sherry.
syllabus:An outline of the subjects in a course of study or teaching.
syllabuses:The subjects in a course of study or teaching.
syllogism:An instance of a form of reasoning in which a conclusion is drawn (whether validly or not) from two given or assumed propositions (premises), each of which shares a term with the conclusion, and shares a common or middle term not present in the conclusion (e.g., all dogs are animals; all animals have four legs; therefore all dogs have four legs).
syllogisms:An instance of a form of reasoning in which a conclusion is drawn from two given or assumed propositions (premises); a common or middle term is present in the two premises but not in the conclusion, which may be invalid (e.g. all dogs are animals; all animals have four legs; therefore all dogs have four legs).
sylph:An imaginary spirit of the air.
sylphs:An imaginary spirit of the air.
symbiont:An organism living in symbiosis with another.
symbiosis:Interaction between two different organisms living in close physical association, typically to the advantage of both.
symbiotic:Involving interaction between two different organisms living in close physical association.
symbiotically:In a way that involves interaction between two different organisms living in close physical association.
symbol:Symbolize.
symbolic:Serving as a symbol.
symbolically:Purely in terms of what is being represented or implied.
symbolise:Be a symbol of.
symbolised:Be a symbol of.
symbolises:Be a symbol of.
symbolising:Be a symbol of.
symbolism:The use of symbols to represent ideas or qualities.
symbols:Symbolize.
symmetric:Made up of exactly similar parts facing each other or around an axis; symmetrical.
symmetrical:Made up of exactly similar parts facing each other or around an axis; showing symmetry.
symmetry:The quality of being made up of exactly similar parts facing each other or around an axis.
sympathetic:Feeling, showing, or expressing sympathy.
sympathetically:In a way that shows pity and sorrow for someone else's misfortune.
sympathise:Feel or express sympathy.
sympathised:Feel or express sympathy.
sympathiser:A person who agrees with or supports a sentiment, opinion, or ideology.
sympathisers:A person who agrees with or supports a sentiment, opinion, or ideology.
sympathises:Feel or express sympathy.
sympathising:Feel or express sympathy.
sympathy:Feelings of pity and sorrow for someone else's misfortune.
symphonic:(of music) relating to or having the form or character of a symphony.
symphonies:An elaborate musical composition for full orchestra, typically in four movements, at least one of which is traditionally in sonata form.
symphonists:A composer of symphonies.
symphony:An elaborate musical composition for full orchestra, typically in four movements, at least one of which is traditionally in sonata form.
symposia:A conference or meeting to discuss a particular subject.
symposium:A conference or meeting to discuss a particular subject.
symptom:A physical or mental feature which is regarded as indicating a condition of disease, particularly such a feature that is apparent to the patient.
symptomatic:Serving as a symptom or sign, especially of something undesirable.
symptoms:A physical or mental feature which is regarded as indicating a condition of disease, particularly such a feature that is apparent to the patient.
synagogue:The building where a Jewish assembly or congregation meets for religious worship and instruction.
synagogues:The building where a Jewish assembly or congregation meets for religious worship and instruction.
synapse:A junction between two nerve cells, consisting of a minute gap across which impulses pass by diffusion of a neurotransmitter.
synapses:A junction between two nerve cells, consisting of a minute gap across which impulses pass by diffusion of a neurotransmitter.
synaptic:Relating to a synapse or synapses between nerve cells.
sync:Synchronize.
synchronic:Concerned with something, especially a language, as it exists at one point in time.
synchronicity:The simultaneous occurrence of events which appear significantly related but have no discernible causal connection.
synchronisation:The operation or activity of two or more things at the same time or rate.
synchronise:Cause to occur or operate at the same time or rate.
synchronised:Cause to occur or operate at the same time or rate.
synchronises:Cause to occur or operate at the same time or rate.
synchronising:Cause to occur or operate at the same time or rate.
synchronous:Existing or occurring at the same time.
synchrony:Simultaneous action, development, or occurrence.
synchrotron:A cyclotron in which the magnetic field strength increases with the energy of the particles to keep their orbital radius constant.
syncopated:(of music or a rhythm) characterized by displaced beats or accents so that the strong beats are weak and vice versa.
syndicalism:A movement for transferring the ownership and control of the means of production and distribution to workers' unions. Influenced by Proudhon and by the French social philosopher Georges Sorel (1847–1922), syndicalism developed in French labor unions during the late 19th century and was at its most vigorous between 1900 and 1914, particularly in France, Italy, Spain, and the US.
syndicate:Control or manage by a syndicate.
syndicated:Control or manage by a syndicate.
syndicates:Control or manage by a syndicate.
syndication:The transfer of something for control or management by a group of individuals or organizations.
syndrome:A group of symptoms which consistently occur together, or a condition characterized by a set of associated symptoms.
syndromes:A group of symptoms which consistently occur together, or a condition characterized by a set of associated symptoms.
synergism:The interaction or cooperation of two or more organizations, substances, or other agents to produce a combined effect greater than the sum of their separate effects.
synergistic:Relating to the interaction or cooperation of two or more organizations, substances, or other agents to produce a combined effect greater than the sum of their separate effects.
synergy:The interaction or cooperation of two or more organizations, substances, or other agents to produce a combined effect greater than the sum of their separate effects.
synod:An assembly of the clergy and sometimes also the laity in a diocese or other division of a particular Church.
synodic:Relating to or involving the conjunction of stars, planets, or other celestial objects.
synods:An assembly of the clergy and sometimes also the laity in a diocese or other division of a particular Church.
synonym:A word or phrase that means exactly or nearly the same as another word or phrase in the same language, for example shut is a synonym of close.
synonymous:(of a word or phrase) having the same or nearly the same meaning as another word or phrase in the same language.
synonyms:A word or phrase that means exactly or nearly the same as another word or phrase in the same language, for example shut is a synonym of close.
synonymy:The state of being synonymous.
synopses:A brief summary or general survey of something.
synopsis:A brief summary or general survey of something.
synoptic:The Synoptic Gospels.
synovial:Relating to or denoting a type of joint which is surrounded by a thick flexible membrane forming a sac into which is secreted a viscous fluid that lubricates the joint.
syntactic:Of or according to syntax.
syntagmatic:Of or denoting the relationship between two or more linguistic units used sequentially to make well-formed structures.
syntax:The arrangement of words and phrases to create well-formed sentences in a language.
syntheses:The combination of components or elements to form a connected whole.
synthesis:The combination of ideas to form a theory or system.
synthesise:Make (something) by synthesis, especially chemically.
synthesised:Made by synthesis, especially chemically.
synthesiser:An electronic musical instrument, typically operated by a keyboard, producing a wide variety of sounds by generating and combining signals of different frequencies.
synthesisers:An electronic musical instrument, typically operated by a keyboard, producing a wide variety of sounds by generating and combining signals of different frequencies.
synthesises:Make (something) by synthesis, especially chemically.
synthesising:Make (something) by synthesis, especially chemically.
synthetic:A synthetic material or chemical, especially a textile fiber.
synthetics:A synthetic material or chemical, especially a textile fibre.
syphilis:A chronic bacterial disease that is contracted chiefly by infection during sexual intercourse, but also congenitally by infection of a developing fetus.
syphilitic:A person who has syphilis.
syphon:Draw off or convey (liquid) by means of a siphon.
syphoned:Draw off or convey (liquid) by means of a siphon.
syphoning:Draw off or convey (liquid) by means of a siphon.
syphons:Draw off or convey (liquid) by means of a siphon.
syria:A country in the Middle East, on the eastern Mediterranean Sea; population 17,100,000 (estimated 2014); capital, Damascus; language, Arabic (official).
syrian:A native or inhabitant of Syria, or a person of Syrian descent.
syringe:Spray liquid into (the ear or a wound) with a syringe.
syringes:Clean (the ear, a wound, etc.) by spraying liquid from a syringe.
syrup:A thick sweet liquid made by dissolving sugar in boiling water, often used for preserving fruit.
syrups:A thick, sweet liquid made by dissolving sugar in boiling water, often used for preserving fruit.
syrupy:Having the consistency or sweetness of syrup.
system:A set of things working together as parts of a mechanism or an interconnecting network.
systematic:Done or acting according to a fixed plan or system; methodical.
systematically:According to a fixed plan or system; methodically.
systematise:Arrange according to an organized system; make systematic.
systemic:Relating to a system, especially as opposed to a particular part.
systemically:In a way that relates to or affects the whole of something.
systems:A set of things working together as parts of a mechanism or an interconnecting network; a complex whole.
systoles:The phase of the heartbeat when the heart muscle contracts and pumps blood from the chambers into the arteries.
systolic:Relating to the phase of the heartbeat when the heart muscle contracts and pumps blood from the chambers into the arteries.
tab:Mark or identify with a projecting piece of material.
tabasco:A state in southeastern Mexico, on the Gulf of Mexico; capital, Villahermosa.
tabbing:Mark or identify with a projecting piece of material.
tabby:A cat whose fur is mottled or streaked with dark stripes.Any domestic cat.
tabernacle:(in biblical use) a fixed or movable habitation, typically of light construction.
tabernacles:(in biblical use) a fixed or movable dwelling, typically of light construction.
table:Postpone consideration of.
tableau:A group of models or motionless figures representing a scene from a story or from history; a tableau vivant.
tableaux:A group of models or motionless figures representing a scene from a story or from history; a tableau vivant.
tablecloth:A cloth spread over a table, especially during meals.
tablecloths:A cloth spread over a table, especially during meals.
tabled:Present formally for discussion or consideration at a meeting.
tableland:A broad, high level region; a plateau.
tables:Present formally for discussion or consideration at a meeting.
tablespoon:A large spoon for serving food.
tablespoons:A large spoon for serving food.
tablet:A flat slab of stone, clay, or wood, used especially for an inscription.
tablets:A flat slab of stone, clay, or wood, used especially for an inscription.
tableware:Dishes, utensils, and glassware used for serving and eating meals at a table.
tabling:Present formally for discussion or consideration at a meeting.
tabloid:A newspaper having pages half the size of those of a standard newspaper, typically popular in style and dominated by headlines, photographs, and sensational stories.
tabloids:A newspaper having pages half the size of those of the average broadsheet, typically popular in style and dominated by sensational stories.
taboo:Place under prohibition.
taboos:Place under a taboo.
tabs:Mark or identify with a projecting piece of material.
tabular:(of data) consisting of or presented in columns or tables.
tabulate:Arrange (data) in tabular form.
tabulated:(of data) arranged in tabular form.
tabulates:Arrange (data) in tabular form.
tabulating:Arrange (data) in tabular form.
tabulator:A person or thing that arranges data in tabular form.
tachograph:A tachometer providing a record of engine speed over a period, especially in a commercial road vehicle.
tachographs:A tachometer providing a record of engine speed over a period, especially in a commercial road vehicle.
tachycardia:An abnormally rapid heart rate.
tachyon:A hypothetical particle that travels faster than light.
tachyons:A hypothetical particle that travels faster than light.
tacit:Understood or implied without being stated.
tacitly:In a way that is understood or implied without being directly stated.
taciturn:(of a person) reserved or uncommunicative in speech; saying little.
tack:Fasten or fix in place with tacks.
tacked:Fasten or fix in place with tacks.
tackier:(of glue, paint, or other substances) not fully dry and retaining a slightly sticky feel.
tackiest:(of glue, paint, or other substances) not fully dry and retaining a slightly sticky feel.
tacking:Fasten or fix in place with tacks.
tackle:Make determined efforts to deal with (a problem or difficult task)
tackled:Make determined efforts to deal with (a problem or difficult task)
tackles:Make determined efforts to deal with (a problem or difficult task)
tackling:Make determined efforts to deal with (a problem or difficult task)
tacks:Fasten or fix in place with tacks.
tacky:(of glue, paint, or other substances) retaining a slightly sticky feel; not fully dry.
tact:Adroitness and sensitivity in dealing with others or with difficult issues.
tactful:Having or showing tact.
tactfully:With skill and sensitivity in dealing with others or with difficult issues.
tactic:An action or strategy carefully planned to achieve a specific end.
tactical:Relating to or constituting actions carefully planned to gain a specific military end.
tactically:In a way that relates to actions carefully planned to gain a specific end.
tactician:A person who uses a carefully planned strategy to achieve a specific end.
tactics:An action or strategy carefully planned to achieve a specific end.
tactile:Of or connected with the sense of touch.
tactless:Having or showing a lack of adroitness and sensitivity in dealing with others or with difficult issues.
tadpole:The tailed aquatic larva of an amphibian (frog, toad, newt, or salamander), breathing through gills and lacking legs until the later stages of its development.
tadpoles:The tailed aquatic larva of an amphibian (frog, toad, newt, or salamander), breathing through gills and lacking legs until the later stages of its development.
taffeta:A fine lustrous silk or similar synthetic fabric with a crisp texture.
tag:Attach a label to.
tagged:Attach a label to.
tagging:The action of attaching a label to someone or something.
tags:Attach a label to.
tahiti:An island in the central South Pacific Ocean, one of the Society Islands that forms part of French Polynesia; population 178,173 (2007); capital, Papeete. One of the largest islands in the South Pacific, it was declared a French colony in 1880.
tahr:A goatlike mammal that inhabits cliffs and mountain slopes in Oman, southern India, and the Himalayas.
tail:Follow and observe (someone) closely, especially in secret.
tailed:Having a tail of a specified kind.
tailing:The residue of something, especially ore.
tailor:(of a tailor) make (clothes) to fit individual customers.
tailorable:Able to be adapted for a particular purpose or person.
tailored:(of clothes) smart, fitted, and well cut.
tailoring:The activity or trade of a tailor.
tailormade:A garment that has been specially made for a particular customer.
tailors:(of a tailor) make (clothes) to fit individual customers.
tailpiece:A part added to the end of a story or piece of writing.
tailplane:another term for horizontal stabilizer
tails:Follow and observe (someone) closely, especially in secret.
tailspin:An aircraft's diving descent combined with rotation.
tailwind:A wind blowing in the direction of travel of a vehicle or aircraft; a wind blowing from behind.
taint:Contaminate or pollute (something)
tainted:Contaminate or pollute (something)
tainting:Contaminate or pollute (something)
taints:Contaminate or pollute (something)
taipei:The capital of Taiwan, in the northern part of the country; population 2,629,300 (est. 2007).
taiwan:An island country off the southeastern coast of China; population 23,400,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Mandarin Chinese; capital, Taipei.
take:Lay hold of (something) with one's hands; reach for and hold.
takeaway:A key fact, point, or idea to be remembered, typically one emerging from a discussion or meeting.
takeaways:A restaurant or shop selling cooked food to be eaten elsewhere.
taken:Lay hold of (something) with one's hands; reach for and hold.
takeover:An act of assuming control of something, especially the buying out of one company by another.
takeovers:An act of assuming control of something, especially the buying out of one company by another.
taker:A person who takes a specified thing.
takers:A person who takes a specified thing.
takes:Lay hold of (something) with one's hands; reach for and hold.
taking:The action or process of taking something.
talc:Powder or treat (something) with talc.
talcum:Powder (something) with talcum powder.
tale:A fictitious or true narrative or story, especially one that is imaginatively recounted.
talent:Natural aptitude or skill.
talented:Having a natural aptitude or skill for something.
talentless:Having no natural aptitude or skill.
talents:Natural aptitude or skill.
tales:A writ for summoning substitute jurors when the original jury has become deficient in number.
talisman:An object, typically an inscribed ring or stone, that is thought to have magic powers and to bring good luck.
talismans:An object, typically an inscribed ring or stone, that is thought to have magic powers and to bring good luck.
talk:Speak in order to give information or express ideas or feelings; converse or communicate by spoken words.
talkative:Fond of or given to talking.
talkback:A system of two-way communication by loudspeaker.
talked:Speak in order to give information or express ideas or feelings; converse or communicate by spoken words.
talker:A person who speaks or converses, often in a specified way.
talkers:A person who speaks or converses, often in a specified way.
talkie:A movie with a soundtrack, as distinct from a silent film.
talkies:A film with a soundtrack, as distinct from a silent film.
talking:The action of talking; speech or discussion.
talks:Speak in order to give information or express ideas or feelings; converse or communicate by spoken words.
tall:Of great or more than average height, especially (with reference to an object) relative to width.
tallboy:A tall chest of drawers, typically one mounted on legs and in two sections, one standing on the other.
taller:Of great or more than average height, especially (with reference to an object) relative to width.
tallest:Of great or more than average height, especially (with reference to an object) relative to width.
tallied:Agree or correspond.
tallies:Agree or correspond.
tallow:Smear (something, especially the bottom of a boat) with tallow.
tally:Agree or correspond.
tallyho:A cry of ‘tally-ho’
tallying:Agree or correspond.
talmud:The body of Jewish civil and ceremonial law and legend comprising the Mishnah and the Gemara. There are two versions of the Talmud: the Babylonian Talmud (which dates from the 5th century AD but includes earlier material) and the earlier Palestinian or Jerusalem Talmud.
talon:A claw, especially one belonging to a bird of prey.
talons:A claw, especially one belonging to a bird of prey.
tambourine:A percussion instrument resembling a shallow drum with small metal disks in slots around the edge, played by being shaken or hit with the hand.
tambourines:A percussion instrument resembling a shallow drum with metal discs in slots around the edge, played by being shaken or hit with the hand.
tame:Domesticate (an animal)
tamed:Domesticate (an animal)
tames:Domesticate (an animal)
tamest:Domesticate (an animal)
taming:Domesticate (an animal)
tamp:Pack (a blast hole) full of clay or sand to concentrate the force of the explosion.
tamped:Pack (a blast hole) full of clay or sand to concentrate the force of the explosion.
tamper:Interfere with (something) in order to cause damage or make unauthorized alterations.
tampered:Interfere with (something) in order to cause damage or make unauthorized alterations.
tampering:Interfere with (something) in order to cause damage or make unauthorized alterations.
tampers:Interfere with (something) in order to cause damage or make unauthorized alterations.
tan:(of a person or their skin) become brown or darkened after exposure to the sun.
tandem:With two or more horses harnessed one behind another.
tandems:With two or more horses harnessed one behind another.
tang:A strong taste, flavor, or smell.
tangelo:A hybrid of the tangerine and grapefruit.
tangent:A straight line or plane that touches a curve or curved surface at a point, but if extended does not cross it at that point.
tangential:Relating to or along a tangent.
tangentially:In a way that relates only slightly to a matter; peripherally.
tangents:A straight line or plane that touches a curve or curved surface at a point, but if extended does not cross it at that point.
tangerine:A small citrus fruit with a loose skin, especially one of a variety with deep orange-red skin.
tangerines:A small citrus fruit with a loose skin, especially one of a variety with deep orange-red skin.
tangible:A thing that is perceptible by touch.
tangle:Twist together into a confused mass.
tangled:Twisted together untidily; matted.
tangles:Twist together into a confused mass.
tangling:Twist together into a confused mass.
tango:A ballroom dance originating in Buenos Aires, characterized by marked rhythms and postures and abrupt pauses.
tangy:Having a strong, piquant flavor or smell.
tank:A large receptacle or storage chamber, especially for liquid or gas.
tankage:The storage capacity of a tank.
tankard:A tall beer mug, typically made of silver or pewter, with a handle and sometimes a hinged lid.
tankards:A tall beer mug, typically made of silver or pewter, with a handle and sometimes a hinged lid.
tanked:Fill the tank of a vehicle with fuel.
tanker:Transport (a liquid) in a tanker.
tankers:Transport (a liquid) in a tanker.
tanking:Fill the tank of a vehicle with fuel.
tanks:Fill the tank of a vehicle with fuel.
tanned:(of a person) having brown or darkened skin after exposure to the sun.
tanner:A person who tans animal hides, especially to earn a living.
tanneries:A place where animal hides are tanned; the workshop of a tanner.
tanners:A person who is employed to tan animal hides.
tannery:A place where animal hides are tanned; the workshop of a tanner.
tannic:Relating to tannin.
tannin:A yellowish or brownish bitter-tasting organic substance present in some galls, barks, and other plant tissues, consisting of derivatives of gallic acid, used in leather production and ink manufacture.
tanning:The action or activity of exposing one's skin to the sun in order to achieve a brown or darkened color.
tannins:A yellowish or brownish bitter-tasting organic substance present in some galls, barks, and other plant tissues, consisting of derivatives of gallic acid.
tannoy:Transmit or announce over a tannoy.
tans:(of a person or their skin) become brown or darkened after exposure to the sun.
tantalise:Torment or tease (someone) with the sight or promise of something that is unobtainable.
tantalised:Torment or tease (someone) with the sight or promise of something that is unobtainable.
tantalising:Tormenting or teasing with the sight or promise of something unobtainable.
tantalum:The chemical element of atomic number 73, a hard silver-gray metal of the transition series.
tantamount:Equivalent in seriousness to; virtually the same as.
tantrum:An uncontrolled outburst of anger and frustration, typically in a young child.
tantrums:An uncontrolled outburst of anger and frustration, typically in a young child.
tanzania:A country in East Africa, on the Indian Ocean; population 53,500,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Dodoma; languages, Swahili and English (both official).
tap:Draw liquid through the tap or spout of (a cask, barrel, or other container)
tapas:Small Spanish savory dishes, typically served with drinks at a bar.
tape:Record (sound or pictures) on audio tape or videotape or by digital means.
taped:Record (sound or pictures) on audio or video tape or by digital means.
taper:Diminish or reduce in thickness toward one end.
tapered:Diminish or reduce in thickness towards one end.
taperer:A person carrying a taper in a religious ceremony.
tapering:The process of gradually lessening or reducing something.
tapers:Diminish or reduce in thickness towards one end.
tapes:Record (sound or pictures) on audio or video tape or by digital means.
tapestries:A piece of thick textile fabric with pictures or designs formed by weaving coloured weft threads or by embroidering on canvas, used as a wall hanging or soft furnishing.
tapestry:A piece of thick textile fabric with pictures or designs formed by weaving colored weft threads or by embroidering on canvas, used as a wall hanging or furniture covering.
tapeworm:A parasitic flatworm, the adult of which lives in the intestines. It has a long ribbon-like body with many segments that can become independent, and a small head bearing hooks and suckers.
tapeworms:A parasitic flatworm, the adult of which lives in the intestines. It has a long ribbon-like body with many segments that can become independent, and a small head bearing hooks and suckers.
taping:Record (sound or pictures) on audio or video tape or by digital means.
tapioca:A starchy substance in the form of hard white grains, obtained from cassava and used in cooking for puddings and other dishes.
tapir:A nocturnal hoofed mammal with a stout body, sturdy limbs, and a short flexible proboscis, native to the forests of tropical America and Malaysia.
tapped:Draw liquid through the tap or spout of (a cask, barrel, or other container)
tapping:The action of striking against something with a quick light blow or blows, or a sound made in this way.
tappings:The action of striking against something with a quick light blow or blows, or a sound made in this way.
taproom:A room in which alcoholic drinks, especially beer, are available on tap; a bar in a hotel or inn.
taps:Draw liquid through the tap or spout of (a cask, barrel, or other container)
tar:Cover (something) with tar.
taramasalata:A pinkish paste or dip made from the roe of certain fish, mixed with olive oil and seasoning.
tarantula:A large hairy spider found chiefly in tropical and subtropical America, some kinds of which are able to catch small lizards, frogs, and birds.
tarantulas:A very large hairy spider found chiefly in tropical and subtropical America, some kinds of which are able to catch small lizards, frogs, and birds.
tardiness:The quality or fact of being late; lateness.
tardy:Delaying or delayed beyond the right or expected time; late.
tares:A vetch, especially the common vetch.
target:Select as an object of attention or attack.
targeted:Select as an object of attention or attack.
targeting:Select as an object of attention or attack.
targets:Select as an object of attention or attack.
tariff:Fix the price of (something) according to a tariff.
tariffs:Fix the price of (something) according to a tariff.
tarmac:Material used for surfacing roads or other outdoor areas, consisting of crushed rock mixed with tar.
tarn:A small mountain lake.
tarnish:Lose or cause to lose luster, especially as a result of exposure to air or moisture.
tarnished:Lose or cause to lose lustre, especially as a result of exposure to air or moisture.
tarnishing:Lose or cause to lose lustre, especially as a result of exposure to air or moisture.
tarns:A small mountain lake.
tarot:Playing cards, traditionally a pack of 78 with five suits, used for fortune-telling and (especially in Europe) in certain games. The suits are typically swords, cups, coins (or pentacles), batons (or wands), and a permanent suit of trump.
tarpaulin:Heavy-duty waterproof cloth, originally of tarred canvas.
tarragon:A perennial plant of the daisy family, with narrow aromatic leaves that are used as a culinary herb.
tarred:Covered with tar.
tarried:Like or covered with tar.
tarrier:A person who stays longer than intended.
tarriest:Like or covered with tar.
tarring:Cover (something) with tar.
tarry:Of, like, or covered with tar.
tarrying:Like or covered with tar.
tars:Cover (something) with tar.
tarsal:A bone of the tarsus.
tarsus:A group of small bones between the main part of the hind limb and the metatarsus in terrestrial vertebrates. The seven bones of the human tarsus form the ankle and upper part of the foot. They are the talus, calcaneus, navicular, and cuboid and the three cuneiform bones.
tart:An open pastry case containing a filling.
tartan:A woolen cloth woven in one of several patterns of plaid, especially of a design associated with a particular Scottish clan.
tartans:A woollen cloth woven in one of several patterns of coloured checks and intersecting lines, especially of a design associated with a particular Scottish clan.
tartar:A hard calcified deposit that forms on the teeth and contributes to their decay.
tartrate:A salt or ester of tartaric acid.
tarts:An open pastry case containing a sweet or savoury filling.
tarty:Dressed in a sexually provocative manner that is considered to be in bad taste (typically used of a woman)
tarzan:A fictitious character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. Tarzan (Lord Greystoke by birth) is orphaned in West Africa in his infancy and reared by apes in the jungle.
task:Assign a piece of work to.
tasked:Assign a task to.
tasking:Assign a task to.
taskmaster:A person who imposes a harsh or onerous workload on someone.
tasks:Assign a task to.
tasmania:A state in Australia that consists of the mountainous island of Tasmania itself and several smaller islands; separated from the southeast coast of mainland Australia by the Bass Strait; population 497,529 (2008); capital, Hobart. It was known as Van Diemen's Land until 1855.
tassel:Decorate with a tassel or tassels.
tasselled:Decorated with a tassel or tassels.
tassels:Decorate with a tassel or tassels.
taste:Perceive or experience the flavor of.
tasted:Perceive or experience the flavour of.
tasteful:Showing good aesthetic judgment or appropriate behavior.
tastefully:In a manner that shows good aesthetic judgment or appropriate behavior.
tasteless:Lacking flavor.
taster:A person employed to test food or drink for quality by tasting it.
tasters:A person employed to test food or drink for quality by tasting it.
tastes:Perceive or experience the flavour of.
tastier:(of food) having a pleasant, distinct flavour.
tastiest:(of food) having a pleasant, distinct flavour.
tasting:A gathering at which people sample, compare, and evaluate different wines, or other drinks or food.
tastings:A gathering at which people sample, compare, and evaluate different wines, or other drinks or food.
tasty:(of food) having a pleasant, distinct flavor.
tat:Make (a decorative mat or edging) by tying knots in thread and using a small shuttle to form lace.
tattered:Old and torn; in poor condition.
tatters:Irregularly torn pieces of cloth, paper, or other material.
tattle:Report another's wrongdoing.
tattoo:An evening drum or bugle signal recalling soldiers to their quarters.
tattooed:An evening drum or bugle signal recalling soldiers to their quarters.
tattooing:An evening drum or bugle signal recalling soldiers to their quarters.
tattoos:An evening drum or bugle signal recalling soldiers to their quarters.
tatty:Worn and shabby; in poor condition.
tau:The nineteenth letter of the Greek alphabet (Τ, τ), transliterated as ‘t.’.
taught:Impart knowledge to or instruct (someone) as to how to do something.
taunt:Provoke or challenge (someone) with insulting remarks.
taunted:Provoke or challenge (someone) with insulting remarks.
taunting:Intended to provoke someone in an insulting or contemptuous manner.
taunts:Provoke or challenge (someone) with insulting remarks.
taut:Stretched or pulled tight; not slack.
tauter:Stretched or pulled tight; not slack.
tautest:Stretched or pulled tight; not slack.
tautology:The saying of the same thing twice in different words, generally considered to be a fault of style (e.g., they arrived one after the other in succession).
tavern:An establishment for the sale of beer and other drinks to be consumed on the premises, sometimes also serving food; a bar or pub.
taverna:A small Greek restaurant or cafe.
tavernas:A small Greek restaurant or cafe.
taverns:An inn or pub.
tawdry:Cheap and gaudy finery.
tawny:An orange-brown or yellowish-brown color.
tax:Impose a tax on (someone or something)
taxable:Liable to be taxed; subject to tax.
taxation:The levying of tax.
taxed:Impose a tax on (someone or something)
taxes:The restoration of displaced bones or organs by manual pressure alone.
taxi:(of an aircraft) move slowly along the ground before takeoff or after landing.
taxicab:A car licensed to transport passengers in return for payment of a fare, usually fitted with a taximeter.
taxidermist:A person who practices taxidermy.
taxidermists:A person who practises taxidermy.
taxidermy:The art of preparing, stuffing, and mounting the skins of animals with lifelike effect.
taxied:(of an aircraft) move slowly along the ground before take-off or after landing.
taxies:(of an aircraft) move slowly along the ground before take-off or after landing.
taxiing:(of an aircraft) move slowly along the ground before take-off or after landing.
taxing:Physically or mentally demanding.
taxis:The restoration of displaced bones or organs by manual pressure alone.
taxman:A collector of taxes.
taxonomic:Concerned with the classification of things, especially organisms.
taxonomical:Concerned with the classification of things, especially organisms.
taxonomy:The branch of science concerned with classification, especially of organisms; systematics.
taxpayer:A person who pays taxes.
taxpayers:A person who pays taxes.
taylor:A city in southeastern Michigan, southwest of Detroit; population 60,619 (est. 2008).
tea:A hot drink made by infusing the dried crushed leaves of the tea plant in boiling water.
teabag:A small porous sachet containing tea leaves or powdered tea, on to which boiling water is poured in order to make a drink of tea.
teabags:A small porous sachet containing tea leaves or powdered tea, on to which boiling water is poured in order to make a drink of tea.
teach:Show or explain to (someone) how to do something.
teachable:(of a person) able to learn by being taught.
teacher:A person who teaches, especially in a school.
teachers:A person who teaches, especially in a school.
teaches:Impart knowledge to or instruct (someone) as to how to do something.
teaching:The occupation, profession, or work of a teacher.
teacup:A cup from which tea is drunk.
teacups:A cup from which tea is drunk.
teak:Hard durable timber used in shipbuilding and for making furniture.
teal:A small freshwater duck, typically with a greenish band on the wing that is most prominent in flight.
team:Come together as a team to achieve a common goal.
teamed:Come together as a team to achieve a common goal.
teaming:Come together as a team to achieve a common goal.
teammate:A fellow member of a team.
teammates:A fellow member of a team.
teams:Come together as a team to achieve a common goal.
teamster:A truck driver.
teamwork:The combined action of a group of people, especially when effective and efficient.
teapot:A pot with a handle, spout, and lid, in which tea is brewed and from which it is poured.
teapots:A pot with a handle, spout, and lid, in which tea is brewed and from which it is poured.
tear:Pull or rip (something) apart or to pieces with force.
tearaway:A person who behaves in a wild or reckless manner.
teardrop:A single tear.
teardrops:A single tear.
tearful:Crying or inclined to cry.
tearfully:While crying; in a sad or emotional manner.
tearing:Violent; extreme.
tearless:Not crying.
tearoom:A small restaurant or cafe where tea and other light refreshments are served.
tears:Pull (something) apart or to pieces with force.
tearstained:Wet with tears.
teas:Drink tea or take afternoon tea.
tease:Make fun of or attempt to provoke (a person or animal) in a playful way.
teased:Make fun of or attempt to provoke (a person or animal) in a playful way.
teaser:A person who makes fun of or provokes others in a playful or unkind way.
teasers:A person who makes fun of or provokes others in a playful or unkind way.
teases:Make fun of or attempt to provoke (a person or animal) in a playful way.
teasing:Intended to provoke or make fun of someone in a playful way.
teaspoon:A small spoon used typically for adding sugar to and stirring hot drinks or for eating some soft foods.
teaspoons:A small spoon used typically for adding sugar to and stirring hot drinks or for eating some foods.
teat:A nipple of the mammary gland of a female mammal, from which the milk is sucked by the young.
teatime:The time in the afternoon when tea is traditionally served.
teatimes:The time in the afternoon when tea is traditionally served.
teats:A nipple of the mammary gland of a female mammal, from which the milk is sucked by the young.
tech:Technology.
technical:Relating to a particular subject, art, or craft, or its techniques.
technicalities:A point of law or a small detail of a set of rules, as contrasted with the intent or purpose of the rules.
technicality:A point of law or a small detail of a set of rules.
technically:According to the facts or exact meaning of something; strictly.
technician:A person employed to look after technical equipment or do practical work in a laboratory.
technicians:A person employed to look after technical equipment or do practical work in a laboratory.
technique:A way of carrying out a particular task, especially the execution or performance of an artistic work or a scientific procedure.
techniques:A way of carrying out a particular task, especially the execution or performance of an artistic work or a scientific procedure.
technocracy:The government or control of society or industry by an elite of technical experts.
technocrat:An exponent or advocate of technocracy.
technocratic:Relating to or characterized by the government or control of society or industry by an elite of technical experts.
technocrats:An exponent or advocate of technocracy.
technological:Relating to or using technology.
technologically:In a way that relates to or involves technology.
technologies:The application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, especially in industry.
technologist:An expert in a particular field of technology.
technologists:An expert in a particular field of technology.
technology:The application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, especially in industry.
technophiles:A person who is enthusiastic about new technology.
technophobia:Fear, dislike, or avoidance of new technology.
technophobic:Having or showing a fear or dislike of new technology.
tectonic:Relating to the structure of the earth's crust and the large-scale processes which take place within it.
tectonics:Large-scale processes affecting the structure of the earth's crust.
ted:Turn over and spread out (grass, hay, or straw) to dry or for bedding.
teddies:A soft toy bear.
teddy:A soft toy bear.
tedious:Too long, slow, or dull; tiresome or monotonous.
tedium:The state of being tedious.
teds:Turn over and spread out (grass, hay, or straw) to dry or for bedding.
tee:The letter T, or a shape like that of a capital T.
teed:The letter T, or a shape like that of a capital T.
teehee:Titter or giggle, especially derisively.
teeing:The letter T, or a shape like that of a capital T.
teem:Be full of or swarming with.
teemed:Be full of or swarming with.
teeming:Full of people or things; crowded.
teems:Be full of or swarming with.
teen:The years of a person's age from 13 to 19.
teenage:Denoting a person between 13 and 19 years old.
teenaged:Between 13 and 19 years old.
teenager:A person aged between 13 and 19 years.
teenagers:A person aged between 13 and 19 years.
teeniest:Tiny.
teensy:Tiny.
teeny:Tiny.
teepee:A portable conical tent made of skins, cloth, or canvas on a frame of poles, used by North American Indians of the Plains and Great Lakes regions.
teepees:A portable conical tent made of skins, cloth, or canvas on a frame of poles, used by North American Indians of the Plains and Great Lakes regions.
tees:A river in northeastern England that flows southeast for 80 miles (128 km) to the North Sea at Middlesbrough.
teeter:Move or balance unsteadily; sway back and forth.
teetered:Move or balance unsteadily; sway back and forth.
teetering:Move or balance unsteadily; sway back and forth.
teeth:Each of a set of hard, bony enamel-coated structures in the jaws of most vertebrates, used for biting and chewing.
teethe:Grow or cut milk teeth.
teethed:Grow or cut milk teeth.
teethes:Grow or cut milk teeth.
teething:The process of growing or cutting milk teeth.
teetotal:Choosing or characterized by abstinence from alcohol.
teetotaller:A person who never drinks alcohol.
teetotallers:A person who never drinks alcohol.
telecommunication:Communication over a distance by cable, telegraph, telephone, or broadcasting.
telecommunications:Communication over a distance by cable, telegraph, telephone, or broadcasting.
telecommuting:The practice of working from home, making use of the internet, email, and the telephone.
telecoms:Telecommunications.
teleconference:A conference with participants in different locations linked by telecommunications devices.
telegram:A message sent by telegraph and then delivered in written or printed form.
telegrams:A message sent by telegraph and then delivered in written or printed form, used in the UK only for international messages since 1981.
telegraph:Send (someone) a message by telegraph.
telegraphed:Send (someone) a message by telegraph.
telegraphic:Of or by telegraphs or telegrams.
telegraphing:Send (someone) a message by telegraph.
telegraphs:Send (someone) a message by telegraph.
telegraphy:The science or practice of using or constructing communications systems for the transmission or reproduction of information.
telekinesis:The supposed ability to move objects at a distance by mental power or other nonphysical means.
telemetry:The process of recording and transmitting the readings of an instrument.
teleological:Relating to or involving the explanation of phenomena in terms of the purpose they serve rather than of the cause by which they arise.
teleology:The explanation of phenomena in terms of the purpose they serve rather than of the cause by which they arise.
telepathic:Supposedly capable of transmitting thoughts to other people and of knowing their thoughts; psychic.
telepathy:The supposed communication of thoughts or ideas by means other than the known senses.
telephone:Contact (someone) using the telephone.
telephoned:Contact (someone) using the telephone.
telephones:Contact (someone) using the telephone.
telephoning:Contact (someone) using the telephone.
telephonist:An operator of a switchboard.
telephonists:An operator of a switchboard.
telephony:The working or use of telephones.
telephoto:A lens with a longer focal length than standard, giving a narrow field of view and a magnified image.
teleprinter:A device for transmitting telegraph messages as they are keyed, and for printing messages received.
teleprinters:A device for transmitting telegraph messages as they are keyed, and for printing messages received.
telesales:The selling of goods or services over the telephone.
telescope:(with reference to an object made of concentric tubular parts) slide or cause to slide into itself, so that it becomes smaller.
telescoped:(with reference to an object made of concentric tubular parts) slide or cause to slide into itself, so that it becomes smaller.
telescopes:(with reference to an object made of concentric tubular parts) slide or cause to slide into itself, so that it becomes smaller.
telescopic:Relating to or made with a telescope.
telescoping:(with reference to an object made of concentric tubular parts) slide or cause to slide into itself, so that it becomes smaller.
teletext:A news and information service in the form of text and graphics, transmitted using the spare capacity of existing television channels to televisions with appropriate receivers.
telethon:A very long television program, typically one broadcast to raise money for a charity.
teletype:Send (a message) by means of a teleprinter.
teletypes:Send (a message) by means of a teleprinter.
televise:Transmit by television.
televised:Transmitted by television.
televising:Transmit by television.
television:A system for transmitting visual images and sound that are reproduced on screens, chiefly used to broadcast programs for entertainment, information, and education.
televisions:A system for converting visual images (with sound) into electrical signals, transmitting them by radio or other means, and displaying them electronically on a screen.
televisual:Relating to or suitable for television.
teleworking:The action or practice of working from home, making use of the internet, email, and the telephone.
telex:Communicate with (someone) by telex.
telexes:Communicate with (someone) by telex.
tell:Communicate information, facts, or news to someone in spoken or written words.
teller:A person employed to deal with customers' transactions in a bank.
tellers:A person employed to deal with customers' transactions in a bank.
telling:Having a striking or revealing effect; significant.
tellingly:With a striking or revealing effect; significantly.
tells:Communicate information to someone in spoken or written words.
telltale:A person, especially a child, who reports others' wrongdoings or reveals their secrets.
temerity:Excessive confidence or boldness; audacity.
temper:Improve the hardness and elasticity of (steel or other metal) by reheating and then cooling it.
tempera:A method of painting with pigments dispersed in an emulsion miscible with water, typically egg yolk. The method was used in Europe for fine painting, mainly on wood panels, from the 12th or early 13th century until the 15th, when it began to give way to oils.
temperament:A person's or animal's nature, especially as it permanently affects their behavior.
temperamental:(of a person) liable to unreasonable changes of mood.
temperaments:A person's or animal's nature, especially as it permanently affects their behaviour.
temperance:Abstinence from alcoholic drink.
temperate:Relating to or denoting a region or climate characterized by mild temperatures.
temperature:The degree or intensity of heat present in a substance or object, especially as expressed according to a comparative scale and shown by a thermometer or perceived by touch.
temperatures:The degree or intensity of heat present in a substance or object, especially as expressed according to a comparative scale and shown by a thermometer or perceived by touch.
tempered:Improve the hardness and elasticity of (steel or other metal) by reheating and then cooling it.
tempering:Improve the hardness and elasticity of (steel or other metal) by reheating and then cooling it.
tempers:Improve the hardness and elasticity of (steel or other metal) by reheating and then cooling it.
tempest:A violent windy storm.
tempests:A violent windy storm.
tempestuous:Characterized by strong and turbulent or conflicting emotion.
tempi:The speed at which a passage of music is or should be played.
template:A shaped piece of metal, wood, card, plastic, or other material used as a pattern for processes such as painting, cutting out, shaping, or drilling.
templates:A shaped piece of rigid material used as a pattern for processes such as cutting out, shaping, or drilling.
temple:A building for religious worship, especially in religions other than Christianity.
temples:A building for religious worship, especially in religions other than Christianity.
tempo:The speed at which a passage of music is or should be played.
temporal:Relating to worldly as opposed to spiritual affairs; secular.
temporality:The state of existing within or having some relationship with time.
temporally:With regard to time.
temporaries:A person employed on a temporary basis, typically an office worker who finds employment through an agency.
temporarily:For a limited period of time; not permanently.
temporary:A person employed on a temporary basis, typically an office worker who finds employment through an agency.
tempt:Entice or attempt to entice (someone) to do or acquire something that they find attractive but know to be wrong or not beneficial.
temptation:The desire to do something, especially something wrong or unwise.
temptations:The desire to do something, especially something wrong or unwise.
tempted:Entice or try to entice (someone) to do something that they find attractive but know to be wrong or unwise.
tempter:A person or thing that tempts.
tempters:A person or thing that tempts.
tempting:Appealing to or attracting someone, even if wrong or inadvisable.
temptress:A woman who tempts someone to do something, typically a sexually attractive woman who sets out to allure or seduce someone.
tempts:Entice or try to entice (someone) to do something that they find attractive but know to be wrong or unwise.
ten:Equivalent to the product of five and two; one more than nine; 10.A group or unit of ten people or things.Ten years old.Ten o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by ten.A ten-dollar bill.A playing card with ten pips.Used to indicate that someone has done something well; the highest mark on a scale of one to ten.
tenable:Able to be maintained or defended against attack or objection.
tenacious:Tending to keep a firm hold of something; clinging or adhering closely.
tenaciously:With a firm hold of something; closely.
tenacity:The quality or fact of being able to grip something firmly; grip.
tenancies:Possession of land or property as a tenant.
tenancy:Possession of land or property as a tenant.
tenant:Occupy (property) as a tenant.
tenanted:Occupy (property) as a tenant.
tenantry:The tenants of an estate.
tenants:Occupy (property) as a tenant.
tench:A European freshwater fish of the minnow family, popular with anglers and widely introduced elsewhere, including several US states.
tend:Regularly or frequently behave in a particular way or have a certain characteristic.
tended:Regularly or frequently behave in a particular way or have a certain characteristic.
tendencies:An inclination towards a particular characteristic or type of behaviour.
tendency:An inclination toward a particular characteristic or type of behavior.
tendentious:Expressing or intending to promote a particular cause or point of view, especially a controversial one.
tender:Showing gentleness and concern or sympathy.
tendered:Showing gentleness, kindness, and affection.
tenderest:Showing gentleness, kindness, and affection.
tendering:Showing gentleness, kindness, and affection.
tenderly:With gentleness, kindness, and affection.
tenderness:Gentleness and kindness.
tenders:Showing gentleness, kindness, and affection.
tending:Regularly or frequently behave in a particular way or have a certain characteristic.
tendon:A flexible but inelastic cord of strong fibrous collagen tissue attaching a muscle to a bone.
tendons:A flexible but inelastic cord of strong fibrous collagen tissue attaching a muscle to a bone.
tendril:A slender threadlike appendage of a climbing plant, often growing in a spiral form, that stretches out and twines around any suitable support.
tendrils:A slender threadlike appendage of a climbing plant, often growing in a spiral form, that stretches out and twines round any suitable support.
tends:Regularly or frequently behave in a particular way or have a certain characteristic.
tenement:A room or a set of rooms forming a separate residence within a house or block of apartments.
tenements:(especially in Scotland or the US) a room or a set of rooms forming a separate residence within a house or block of flats.
tenet:A principle or belief, especially one of the main principles of a religion or philosophy.
tenets:A principle or belief, especially one of the main principles of a religion or philosophy.
tenfold:By ten times; to ten times the number or amount.
tenners:A ten-pound note.
tennis:A game in which two or four players strike a ball with rackets over a net stretched across a court. The usual form (originally called lawn tennis) is played with a felt-covered hollow rubber ball on a grass, clay, or artificial surface.
tenon:Join by means of a tenon.
tenor:A singing voice between baritone and alto or countertenor, the highest of the ordinary adult male range.
tenors:A singing voice between baritone and alto or countertenor, the highest of the ordinary adult male range.
tens:Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation, a technique intended to provide pain relief by applying electrodes to the skin to block impulses in underlying nerves.
tense:Become tense, typically through anxiety or nervousness.
tensed:Become tense, typically through anxiety or nervousness.
tenser:Become tense, typically through anxiety or nervousness.
tenses:Become tense, typically through anxiety or nervousness.
tensest:Become tense, typically through anxiety or nervousness.
tensile:Relating to tension.
tensing:Become tense, typically through anxiety or nervousness.
tension:Apply a force to (something) which tends to stretch it.
tensional:Relating to or affected with tension, especially that resulting from forces acting in opposition to each other.
tensioned:Apply a force to (something) which tends to stretch it.
tensions:Apply a force to (something) which tends to stretch it.
tensity:another term for tension
tensor:A mathematical object analogous to but more general than a vector, represented by an array of components that are functions of the coordinates of a space.
tensors:A mathematical object analogous to but more general than a vector, represented by an array of components that are functions of the coordinates of a space.
tent:Cover with or as if with a tent.
tentacle:A slender, flexible limb or appendage in an animal, especially around the mouth of an invertebrate, used for grasping or moving about, or bearing sense organs.
tentacles:A slender, flexible limb or appendage in an animal, especially around the mouth of an invertebrate, used for grasping or moving about, or bearing sense organs.
tentative:Not certain or fixed; provisional.
tentatively:Subject to further confirmation; not definitely.
tented:Consisting of tents; providing accommodation in the form of tents.
tenterhooks:A hook used to fasten cloth on a drying frame or tenter.
tenth:Constituting number ten in a sequence; 10th.
tents:Cover with or as if with a tent.
tenuous:Very weak or slight.
tenure:Give (someone) a permanent post, especially as a teacher or professor.
tenured:Having or denoting a permanent post, especially as a teacher or professor.
tenures:Give (someone) a permanent post, especially as a teacher or lecturer.
tenurial:Relating to the tenure of land.
tepee:A portable conical tent made of skins, cloth, or canvas on a frame of poles, used by North American Indians of the Plains and Great Lakes regions.
tepid:(especially of a liquid) only slightly warm; lukewarm.
tequila:A Mexican liquor made from an agave.
tercentenary:The three-hundredth anniversary of a significant event; a tricentennial.
term:Give a descriptive name to; call by a specified name.
termed:Give a descriptive name to; call by a specified term.
terminal:The end of a railroad or other transport route, or a station at such a point.
terminally:In a way that is predicted to lead to death; incurably.
terminals:The end of a railway or other transport route, or a station at such a point.
terminate:Bring to an end.
terminated:Bring to an end.
terminates:Bring to an end.
terminating:Bring to an end.
termination:The action of bringing something or coming to an end.
terminator:A person or thing that terminates something.
terminators:A person or thing that terminates something.
terming:Give a descriptive name to; call by a specified term.
termini:The end of a railway or other transport route, or a station at such a point; a terminal.
terminologies:The body of terms used with a particular technical application in a subject of study, profession, etc.
terminology:The body of terms used with a particular technical application in a subject of study, profession, etc.
terminus:A final point in space or time; an end or extremity.
termite:A small, pale soft-bodied insect that lives in large colonies with several different castes, typically within a mound of cemented earth. Many kinds feed on wood and can be highly destructive to trees and timber.
termites:A small, pale soft-bodied insect that lives in large colonies with several different castes, typically within a mound of cemented earth. Many kinds feed on wood and can be highly destructive to trees and timber.
termly:Once in each school, college, university, or law term.
terms:Give a descriptive name to; call by a specified term.
tern:A seabird related to the gulls, typically smaller and more slender, with long pointed wings and a forked tail.
ternary:Composed of three parts.
terns:A seabird related to the gulls, typically smaller and more slender, with long pointed wings and a forked tail.
terrace:Make or form (sloping land) into a number of level flat areas resembling a series of steps.
terraced:(of land) having been formed into a number of level areas resembling a series of steps.
terraces:Make or form (sloping land) into a number of level flat areas resembling a series of steps.
terracing:Terraced ground.
terracotta:A type of fired clay, typically of a brownish-red colour and unglazed, used as an ornamental building material and in modelling.
terraform:(especially in science fiction) transform (a planet) so as to resemble the earth, especially so that it can support human life.
terraformed:(especially in science fiction) transform (a planet) so as to resemble the earth, especially so that it can support human life.
terrain:A stretch of land, especially with regard to its physical features.
terrains:A stretch of land, especially with regard to its physical features.
terrapin:A small edible turtle with lozenge-shaped markings on its shell, found in coastal marshes of the eastern US.
terrapins:A freshwater turtle, especially one of the smaller kinds of the Old World.
terrazzo:Flooring material consisting of chips of marble or granite set in concrete and polished to give a smooth surface.
terrestrial:An inhabitant of the earth.
terrible:Extremely or distressingly bad or serious.
terribly:Very; extremely.
terrier:A small dog of a breed originally used for turning out foxes and other burrowing animals from their lairs.
terriers:A small dog of a breed originally used for turning out foxes and other burrowing animals from their earths.
terrific:Of great size, amount, or intensity.
terrifically:With great intensity; to a great extent.
terrified:Cause to feel extreme fear.
terrifies:Cause to feel extreme fear.
terrify:Cause to feel extreme fear.
terrifying:Causing extreme fear.
terrifyingly:In a way that causes extreme fear.
terrine:A meat, fish, or vegetable mixture that has been cooked or otherwise prepared in advance and allowed to cool or set in its container, typically served in slices.
territorial:(in the UK) a member of the Territorial Army, a volunteer force locally organized to provide a reserve of trained and disciplined manpower for use in an emergency.
territories:An area of land under the jurisdiction of a ruler or state.
territory:An area of land under the jurisdiction of a ruler or state.
terror:Extreme fear.
terrorise:Create and maintain a state of extreme fear and distress in (someone); fill with terror.
terrorised:Create and maintain a state of extreme fear and distress in (someone); fill with terror.
terrorising:Create and maintain a state of extreme fear and distress in (someone); fill with terror.
terrorism:The unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.
terrorist:A person who uses unlawful violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.
terrorists:A person who uses unlawful violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.
terrors:Extreme fear.
terry:A fabric with raised uncut loops of thread covering both surfaces, used especially for towels.
terse:Sparing in the use of words; abrupt.
terser:Sparing in the use of words; abrupt.
tertiaries:The Tertiary period or the system of rocks deposited during it.
tertiary:The Tertiary period or the system of rocks deposited during it.
tessellated:Denoting or characterized by a pattern of repeated shapes, especially polygons, that fit together closely without gaps or overlaps.
tessellation:The process or art of tessellating a surface, or the state of being tessellated.
tessellations:The process or art of tessellating a surface, or the state of being tessellated.
test:Take measures to check the quality, performance, or reliability of (something), especially before putting it into widespread use or practice.
testable:Able to be tested or tried.
testament:A person's will, especially the part relating to personal property.
testamentary:Relating to or bequeathed or appointed through a will.
testaments:A person's will, especially the part relating to personal property.
tested:Take measures to check the quality, performance, or reliability of (something), especially before putting it into widespread use or practice.
tester:A person who tests something, especially a new product.
testers:A person who tests something, especially a new product.
testes:An organ which produces spermatozoa (male reproductive cells).
testicle:Either of the two oval organs that produce sperm in men and other male mammals, enclosed in the scrotum behind the penis.
testicles:Either of the two oval organs that produce sperm in men and other male mammals, enclosed in the scrotum behind the penis.
testicular:Relating to or affecting the testicles.
testier:Easily irritated; impatient and somewhat bad-tempered.
testiest:Easily irritated; impatient and somewhat bad-tempered.
testified:Give evidence as a witness in a law court.
testifies:Give evidence as a witness in a law court.
testify:Give evidence as a witness in a law court.
testifying:Give evidence as a witness in a law court.
testimonial:A formal statement testifying to someone's character and qualifications.
testimonials:A formal statement testifying to someone's character and qualifications.
testimonies:A formal written or spoken statement, especially one given in a court of law.
testimony:A formal written or spoken statement, especially one given in a court of law.
testing:Revealing a person's capabilities by putting them under strain; challenging.
testis:An organ which produces spermatozoa (male reproductive cells).
testosterone:A steroid hormone that stimulates development of male secondary sexual characteristics, produced mainly in the testes, but also in the ovaries and adrenal cortex.
tests:Take measures to check the quality, performance, or reliability of (something), especially before putting it into widespread use or practice.
testy:Easily irritated; impatient and somewhat bad-tempered.
tetanus:A bacterial disease marked by rigidity and spasms of the voluntary muscles.
tetchy:Bad-tempered and irritable.
tether:Tie (an animal) with a rope or chain so as to restrict its movement.
tethered:Tie (an animal) with a rope or chain so as to restrict its movement.
tethering:The action of tying an animal with a rope or chain so as to restrict its movement.
tethers:Tie (an animal) with a rope or chain so as to restrict its movement.
tetra:A small tropical freshwater fish that is typically brightly colored, native to Africa and America. Many kinds of tetra are popular in aquariums.
tetrahedra:A solid having four plane triangular faces; a triangular pyramid.
tetrahedron:A solid having four plane triangular faces; a triangular pyramid.
tetrahedrons:A solid having four plane triangular faces; a triangular pyramid.
tetrameters:A verse of four measures.
tetroxide:An oxide containing four atoms of oxygen in its molecule or empirical formula.
texan:A native or inhabitant of Texas.
texans:A native or inhabitant of Texas.
texas:A state in the southern US, on the border with Mexico, with a coastline on the Gulf of Mexico; population 24,326,974 (est. 2008); capital, Austin. The area formed part of Mexico until 1836, when it declared independence and became a republic. It became the 28th state of the US in 1845.
text:Send a text message to.
textbook:A book used as a standard work for the study of a particular subject.
textbooks:A book used as a standard work for the study of a particular subject.
textile:A type of cloth or woven fabric.
textiles:A type of cloth or woven fabric.
texts:Send (someone) a text message.
textual:Relating to a text or texts.
textuality:The quality or use of language characteristic of written works as opposed to spoken usage.
textural:Relating to the feel, appearance, or consistency of a surface or a substance.
texture:Give (something) a rough or uneven texture.
textured:Having a rough or uneven surface or consistency.
textures:Give (something) a rough or uneven texture.
thai:A native or inhabitant of Thailand.
thalamus:Either of two masses of gray matter lying between the cerebral hemispheres on either side of the third ventricle, relaying sensory information and acting as a center for pain perception.
thalidomide:A sedative drug that was found to cause congenital malformation, especially of the limbs, in children whose mothers took it during early pregnancy to treat morning sickness. It was withdrawn from use in the early 1960s but may now be prescribed, under extremely strict guidelines, to treat certain diseases.
thallium:The chemical element of atomic number 81, a soft silvery-white metal that occurs naturally in small amounts in pyrite and other ores. Its compounds are very poisonous.
thames:A river in southern England that flows 210 miles (338 km) east from the Cotswolds in Gloucestershire through London to the North Sea.
than:Introducing the second element in a comparison.
thane:(in Anglo-Saxon England) a man who held land granted by the king or by a military nobleman, ranking between an ordinary freeman and a hereditary noble.
thank:Express gratitude to (someone), especially by saying “Thank you”
thanked:Express gratitude to (someone), especially by saying ‘Thank you’
thankful:Pleased and relieved.
thankfully:In a thankful manner.
thanking:Express gratitude to (someone), especially by saying ‘Thank you’
thankless:(of a job or task) difficult or unpleasant and not likely to bring one pleasure or the appreciation of others.
thanks:An expression of gratitude.
thanksgiving:The expression of gratitude, especially to God.
that:Used to identify a specific person or thing observed or heard by the speaker.
thatch:Cover (a roof or a building) with straw or a similar material.
thatched:(of a roof or a building) covered with straw or a similar material.
thatching:Cover (a roof or a building) with straw or a similar material.
thaumaturge:A worker of wonders and performer of miracles; a magician.
thaw:(of ice, snow, or another frozen substance, such as food) become liquid or soft as a result of warming.
thawed:(of ice, snow, or another frozen substance, such as food) become liquid or soft as a result of warming up.
thawing:The process of ice, snow, or another frozen substance becoming liquid or soft as a result of warming up.
thaws:(of ice, snow, or another frozen substance, such as food) become liquid or soft as a result of warming up.
the:Denoting one or more people or things already mentioned or assumed to be common knowledge.
theatre:A building or outdoor area in which plays and other dramatic performances are given.
theatres:A building or outdoor area in which plays and other dramatic performances are given.
theatrical:A professional actor or actress.
theatricality:The quality of being exaggerated and excessively dramatic.
theatrically:In an exaggerated and excessively dramatic manner.
theatricals:Dramatic performances.
thebes:The Greek name for an ancient city in Upper Egypt, the ruins of which are located on the Nile River about 420 miles (675 km) south of Cairo. The capital of ancient Egypt under the 18th dynasty (c.1550–1290 BC), it is the site of the major temples of Luxor and Karnak.
theft:The action or crime of stealing.
thefts:The action or crime of stealing.
their:Belonging to or associated with the people or things previously mentioned or easily identified.
theirs:Used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with two or more people or things previously mentioned.
theism:Belief in the existence of a god or gods, especially belief in one god as creator of the universe, intervening in it and sustaining a personal relation to his creatures.
theist:A person who believes in the existence of a god or gods, specifically of a creator who intervenes in the universe.
theistic:Relating to or characterized by belief in the existence of a god or gods.
theists:A person who believes in the existence of a god or gods, specifically of a creator who intervenes in the universe.
them:Those.
thematic:A body of topics for study or discussion.
thematically:In a way that relates to the subjects or themes of something.
theme:Give a particular setting or ambience to (a venue or activity)
themed:(of a leisure venue, event, etc.) given a particular theme or setting.
themes:Give a particular theme or setting to (a leisure venue, event, etc.)
themselves:Used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a group of people or things previously mentioned as the subject of the clause.
then:At that time; at the time in question.
thence:From a place or source previously mentioned.
thenceforth:From that time, place, or point onward.
theocracies:A system of government in which priests rule in the name of God or a god.
theocracy:A system of government in which priests rule in the name of God or a god.
theodolite:A surveying instrument with a rotating telescope for measuring horizontal and vertical angles.
theodolites:A surveying instrument with a rotating telescope for measuring horizontal and vertical angles.
theologian:A person who engages or is an expert in theology.
theologians:A person who engages or is an expert in theology.
theological:Relating to the study of theology.
theologically:In a way that relates to the study of the nature of God and religious belief.
theology:The study of the nature of God and religious belief.
theorem:A general proposition not self-evident but proved by a chain of reasoning; a truth established by means of accepted truths.
theorems:A general proposition not self-evident but proved by a chain of reasoning; a truth established by means of accepted truths.
theoretical:Concerned with or involving the theory of a subject or area of study rather than its practical application.
theoretically:In a way that relates to the theory of a subject or area of study rather than its practical application.
theoretician:A person who forms, develops, or studies the theoretical framework of a subject.
theoreticians:A person who forms, develops, or studies the theoretical framework of a subject.
theories:A supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something, especially one based on general principles independent of the thing to be explained.
theorise:Form a theory or theories about something.
theorised:Form a theory or theories about something.
theorises:Form a theory or theories about something.
theorising:The forming of a theory or theories about something.
theorist:A person concerned with the theoretical aspects of a subject; a theoretician.
theorists:A person concerned with the theoretical aspects of a subject; a theoretician.
theory:A supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something, especially one based on general principles independent of the thing to be explained.
theosophy:Any of a number of philosophies maintaining that a knowledge of God may be achieved through spiritual ecstasy, direct intuition, or special individual relations, especially the movement founded in 1875 as the Theosophical Society by Helena Blavatsky and Henry Steel Olcott (1832–1907).
therapeutic:The branch of medicine concerned with the treatment of disease and the action of remedial agents.
therapies:Treatment intended to relieve or heal a disorder.
therapist:A person skilled in a particular kind of therapy.
therapists:A person skilled in a particular kind of therapy.
therapy:Treatment intended to relieve or heal a disorder.
there:In, at, or to that place or position.
thereabouts:Near that place.
thereafter:After that time.
thereby:By that means; as a result of that.
therefor:For that object or purpose.
therefore:For that reason; consequently.
therefrom:From that or that place.
therein:In that place, document, or respect.
thereof:Of the thing just mentioned; of that.
thereon:On or following from the thing just mentioned.
thereto:To that or that place.
thereunder:In accordance with the thing mentioned.
thereupon:Immediately or shortly after that.
therewith:With or in the thing mentioned.
thermal:An upward current of warm air, used by gliders, balloons, and birds to gain height.
thermals:An upward current of warm air, used by gliders, balloonists, and birds to gain height.
thermochemical:Relating to or involving chemical reactions during which quantities of heat are evolved or absorbed.
thermodynamics:The branch of physical science that deals with the relations between heat and other forms of energy (such as mechanical, electrical, or chemical energy), and, by extension, of the relationships between all forms of energy.
thermoelectric:Producing electricity by a difference of temperatures.
thermometer:An instrument for measuring and indicating temperature, typically one consisting of a narrow, hermetically sealed glass tube marked with graduations and having at one end a bulb containing mercury or alcohol that expands and contracts in the tube with heating and cooling.
thermometers:An instrument for measuring and indicating temperature, typically one consisting of a narrow, hermetically sealed glass tube marked with graduations and having at one end a bulb containing mercury or alcohol which extends along the tube as it expands.
thermoplastic:A thermoplastic substance.
thermostat:A device that automatically regulates temperature, or that activates a device when the temperature reaches a certain point.
thermostats:A device that automatically regulates temperature, or that activates a device when the temperature reaches a certain point.
therms:A unit of heat, especially as the former statutory unit of gas supplied in the UK equivalent to 100,000 British thermal units or 1.055 × 10⁸ joules.
thesauri:A book that lists words in groups of synonyms and related concepts.
thesaurus:A book that lists words in groups of synonyms and related concepts.
thesis:A statement or theory that is put forward as a premise to be maintained or proved.
thespian:An actor or actress.
thespians:An actor or actress.
theta:The eighth letter of the Greek alphabet (Θ, θ), transliterated as ‘th.’.
they:Used to refer to two or more people or things previously mentioned or easily identified.
thick:In or with deep, dense, or heavy mass.
thicken:Make or become thick or thicker.
thickened:Make or become thick or thicker.
thickening:The process or result of becoming broader, deeper, or denser.
thickens:Make or become thick or thicker.
thicker:In or with deep, dense, or heavy mass.
thickest:In or with deep, dense, or heavy mass.
thicket:A dense group of bushes or trees.
thickets:A dense group of bushes or trees.
thickly:In a way that creates a wide piece of something.
thickness:The distance between opposite sides of something.
thicknesses:Plane or cut (wood) to a desired breadth or depth.
thickset:(of a person or animal) heavily or solidly built; stocky.
thief:A person who steals another person's property, especially by stealth and without using force or violence.
thieve:Be a thief; steal something.
thieved:Be a thief; steal something.
thievery:The action of stealing another person's property.
thieves:A person who steals another person's property, especially by stealth and without using force or threat of violence.
thieving:The action of stealing; theft.
thievish:Relating to or given to stealing.
thigh:The part of the human leg between the hip and the knee.
thighs:The part of the human leg between the hip and the knee.
thimble:A metal or plastic cap with a closed end, worn to protect the finger and push the needle in sewing.
thimbleful:A small quantity of liquid, especially alcohol.
thimblefuls:A small quantity of liquid, especially alcohol.
thimbles:A small metal or plastic cap with a closed end, worn to protect the finger and push the needle in sewing.
thin:With little thickness or depth.
thing:An object that one need not, cannot, or does not wish to give a specific name to.
things:An object that one need not, cannot, or does not wish to give a specific name to.
think:Have a particular opinion, belief, or idea about someone or something.
thinkable:Able to be thought of or imagined; conceivable.
thinker:A person who thinks deeply and seriously.
thinkers:A person who thinks deeply and seriously.
thinking:The process of using one's mind to consider or reason about something.
thinks:Have a particular opinion, belief, or idea about someone or something.
thinly:In a way that creates a thin piece or layer of something.
thinned:With little thickness or depth.
thinner:A volatile solvent used to make paint or other mixtures less viscous.
thinners:A volatile solvent used to make paint or other solutions less viscous.
thinness:The state or quality of having opposite surfaces or sides close together.
thinnest:With little thickness or depth.
thinning:Becoming less dense, crowded, or numerous.
thins:With little thickness or depth.
third:Constituting number three in a sequence; 3rd.
thirdly:In the third place (used to introduce a third point or reason)
thirds:Constituting number three in a sequence; 3rd.
thirst:A feeling of needing or wanting to drink something.
thirsted:Have a strong desire for something.
thirstier:Feeling a need to drink something.
thirstiest:Feeling a need to drink something.
thirsting:Have a strong desire for something.
thirsts:Have a strong desire for something.
thirsty:Feeling a need to drink something.
thirteen:Equivalent to the sum of six and seven; one more than twelve, or seven less than twenty; 13.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by thirteen.Thirteen years old.
thirteenth:Constituting number thirteen in a sequence; 13th.
thirtieth:Constituting number thirty in a sequence; 30th.
thirty:The number equivalent to the product of three and ten; ten less than forty; 30.The numbers from thirty to thirty-nine, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Thirty years old.Thirty miles an hour.The second point won by a player in a game.
this:Used to identify a specific person or thing close at hand or being indicated or experienced.
thistle:A widely distributed herbaceous plant of the daisy family, which typically has a prickly stem and leaves and rounded heads of purple flowers.
thistles:A widely distributed herbaceous plant of the daisy family, which typically has a prickly stem and leaves and rounded heads of purple flowers.
thither:To or toward that place.
thong:Flog or lash (someone) with a whip.
thongs:Flog or lash with a whip.
thor:The god of thunder, the weather, agriculture, and the home, the son of Odin and Freya (Frigga). Thursday is named after him.
thoracic:Relating to the thorax.
thorax:The part of the body of a mammal between the neck and the abdomen, including the cavity enclosed by the ribs, breastbone, and dorsal vertebrae, and containing the chief organs of circulation and respiration; the chest.
thorium:The chemical element of atomic number 90, a white radioactive metal of the actinide series.
thorn:A stiff, sharp-pointed, straight or curved woody projection on the stem or other part of a plant.
thornier:Having many thorns or thorn bushes.
thorniest:Having many thorns or thorn bushes.
thorns:A stiff, sharp-pointed woody projection on the stem or other part of a plant.
thorny:Having many thorns or thorn bushes.
thorough:Complete with regard to every detail; not superficial or partial.
thoroughbred:A horse of a thoroughbred breed.
thoroughbreds:A horse of a thoroughbred breed.
thoroughfare:A road or path forming a route between two places.
thoroughfares:A road or path forming a route between two places.
thoroughgoing:Involving or attending to every detail or aspect of something.
thoroughly:In a thorough manner.
thoroughness:Great care and attention to detail.
though:However (indicating that a factor qualifies or imposes restrictions on what was said previously)
thought:An idea or opinion produced by thinking, or occurring suddenly in the mind.
thoughtful:Absorbed in or involving thought.
thoughtfully:In a way that suggests being absorbed in thought.
thoughtfulness:The state of being absorbed in thought.
thoughtless:(of a person or their behavior) not showing consideration for the needs of other people.
thoughts:An idea or opinion produced by thinking, or occurring suddenly in the mind.
thousand:The number equivalent to the product of a hundred and ten; 1,000.The numbers from one thousand to 9,999.An unspecified large number.
thousands:The number equivalent to the product of a hundred and ten; 1,000.The numbers from one thousand to 9,999.An unspecified large number.
thousandth:Constituting number one thousand in a sequence; 1,000th.
thrall:The state of being in someone's power or having great power over someone.
thrash:Beat (a person or animal) repeatedly and violently with a stick or whip.
thrashed:Beat (a person or animal) repeatedly and violently with a stick or whip.
thrasher:A person or thing that thrashes.
thrashes:Beat (a person or animal) repeatedly and violently with a stick or whip.
thrashing:An act of physically beating someone; a beating.
thread:Pass a thread through the eye of (a needle) or through the needle and guides of (a sewing machine)
threadbare:(of cloth, clothing, or soft furnishings) becoming thin and tattered with age.
threaded:(of a hole, screw, bolt, etc.) having a screw thread.
threading:A method of hair removal in which unwanted hairs are plucked out by using a twisted cotton thread.
threads:Pass a thread through the eye of (a needle) or through the needle and guides of (a sewing machine)
threat:A statement of an intention to inflict pain, injury, damage, or other hostile action on someone in retribution for something done or not done.
threaten:State one's intention to take hostile action against someone in retribution for something done or not done.
threatened:State one's intention to take hostile action against (someone) in retribution for something done or not done.
threatening:Having a hostile or deliberately frightening quality or manner.
threats:A statement of an intention to inflict pain, injury, damage, or other hostile action on someone in retribution for something done or not done.
three:Equivalent to the sum of one and two; one more than two; 3.A group or unit of three people or things.Three years old.Three o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by three.A playing card or domino with three pips.
threefold:By three times; to three times the number or amount.
threesome:A group of three people engaged in the same activity.
threesomes:A group of three people engaged in the same activity.
thresh:Separate grain from (a plant), typically with a flail or by the action of a revolving mechanism.
threshed:Separate grain from (corn or other crops), typically with a flail or by the action of a revolving mechanism.
thresher:A person or machine that separates grain from the plants by beating.
threshing:The process of separating grain from corn or other crops.
threshold:A strip of wood, metal, or stone forming the bottom of a doorway and crossed in entering a house or room.
thresholds:A strip of wood or stone forming the bottom of a doorway and crossed in entering a house or room.
threw:Propel (something) with force through the air by a movement of the arm and hand.
thrice:Three times.
thrift:The quality of using money and other resources carefully and not wastefully.
thriftless:(of a person or their behavior) spending money in an extravagant and wasteful way.
thrifty:(of a person or their behavior) using money and other resources carefully and not wastefully.
thrill:Cause (someone) to have a sudden feeling of excitement and pleasure.
thrilled:Cause (someone) to have a sudden feeling of excitement and pleasure.
thriller:A novel, play, or movie with an exciting plot, typically involving crime or espionage.
thrillers:A novel, play, or film with an exciting plot, typically involving crime or espionage.
thrilling:Causing excitement and pleasure; exhilarating.
thrills:Cause (someone) to have a sudden feeling of excitement and pleasure.
thrive:(of a child, animal, or plant) grow or develop well or vigorously.
thrived:(of a child, animal, or plant) grow or develop well or vigorously.
thrives:(of a child, animal, or plant) grow or develop well or vigorously.
thriving:Prosperous and growing; flourishing.
throat:The passage which leads from the back of the mouth of a person or animal.
throats:The passage which leads from the back of the mouth of a person or animal.
throaty:(of a voice or other sound) deep and husky.
throb:Beat or sound with a strong, regular rhythm; pulsate steadily.
throbbed:Beat or sound with a strong, regular rhythm; pulsate steadily.
throbbing:Beating with a strong, regular rhythm; pulsating.
throbs:Beat or sound with a strong, regular rhythm; pulsate steadily.
thrombosis:Local coagulation or clotting of the blood in a part of the circulatory system.
thrombus:A blood clot formed in situ within the vascular system of the body and impeding blood flow.
throne:Place (someone) on a throne.
thrones:Place (someone) on a throne.
throng:(of a crowd) fill or be present in (a place or area)
thronged:(of a crowd) fill or be present in (a place or area)
thronging:(of a crowd) fill or be present in (a place or area)
throttle:Attack or kill (someone) by choking or strangling them.
throttled:Attack or kill (someone) by choking or strangling them.
throttling:Attack or kill (someone) by choking or strangling them.
through:Moving in one side and out of the other side of (an opening, channel, or location)
throughout:In every part of (a place or object)
throughput:The amount of material or items passing through a system or process.
throw:Propel (something) with force through the air by a movement of the arm and hand.
throwaway:A thing intended or destined to be discarded after brief use or appeal.
throwback:A reversion to an earlier ancestral characteristic.
thrower:A person who throws something.
throwing:Propel (something) with force through the air by a movement of the arm and hand.
thrown:Propel (something) with force through the air by a movement of the arm and hand.
throws:Propel (something) with force through the air by a movement of the arm and hand.
thrum:Make a continuous rhythmic humming sound.
thrush:A small or medium-sized songbird, typically having a brown back, spotted breast, and loud song.
thrushes:A small or medium-sized songbird, typically having a brown back, spotted breast, and loud song.
thrust:Push (something or someone) suddenly or violently in the specified direction.
thruster:A person or thing that thrusts.
thrusters:A person or thing that thrusts.
thrusting:The motion of pushing or lunging suddenly or violently.
thud:A dull, heavy sound, such as that made by an object falling to the ground.
thudded:Move, fall, or strike something with a dull, heavy sound.
thudding:The action of moving, falling, or striking something with a dull, heavy sound.
thug:A violent, aggressive person, especially one who is a criminal.
thuggery:Violent behavior, especially of a criminal nature.
thuggish:Characterized by violent behavior, especially of a criminal nature.
thugs:A violent, aggressive person, especially one who is a criminal.
thumb:Press, move, or touch (something) with one's thumb.
thumbed:(of a book, magazine, etc.) having been read often and bearing marks of frequent handling.
thumbnail:The nail of the thumb.
thumbprint:An impression or mark made on a surface by the inner part of the top joint of the thumb, especially as used for identifying individuals from the unique pattern of whorls and lines.
thumbs:Press, move, or touch (something) with one's thumb.
thumbscrew:An instrument of torture for crushing the thumbs.
thump:Hit (someone or something) heavily, especially with the fist or a blunt implement.
thumped:Hit or strike heavily, especially with the fist or a blunt implement.
thumping:Pounding or throbbing in a heavy, continuous way.
thunder:A loud rumbling or crashing noise heard after a lightning flash due to the expansion of rapidly heated air.
thunderbolt:A flash of lightning with a simultaneous crash of thunder.
thunderbolts:A flash of lightning with a simultaneous crash of thunder.
thunderclap:A crash of thunder.
thundercloud:A cumulus cloud with a towering or spreading top, charged with electricity and producing thunder and lightning.
thundered:Thunder sounds.
thundering:Making a resounding, loud, deep noise.
thunderous:Relating to or giving warning of thunder.
thunders:Thunder sounds.
thunderstorm:A storm with thunder and lightning and typically also heavy rain or hail.
thunderstruck:Extremely surprised or shocked.
thursday:On Thursday.
thus:As a result or consequence of this; therefore.
thwack:Strike forcefully with a sharp blow.
thwart:From one side to another side of (an area); across.
thwarted:Prevent (someone) from accomplishing something.
thwarting:Prevent (someone) from accomplishing something.
thyme:A low-growing aromatic plant of the mint family. The small leaves are used as a culinary herb and the plant yields a medicinal oil.
thymus:A lymphoid organ situated in the neck of vertebrates that produces T cells for the immune system. The human thymus becomes much smaller at the approach of puberty.
thyristor:A four-layered semiconductor rectifier in which the flow of current between two electrodes is triggered by a signal at a third electrode.
thyristors:A four-layered semiconductor rectifier in which the flow of current between two electrodes is triggered by a signal at a third electrode.
thyroid:A large ductless gland in the neck which secretes hormones regulating growth and development through the rate of metabolism.An extract prepared from the thyroid gland of animals and used in treating deficiency of thyroid hormones.
tiara:A jeweled ornamental band worn on the front of a woman's hair.
tiaras:A jewelled ornamental band worn on the front of a woman's hair.
tibia:The inner and typically larger of the two bones between the knee and the ankle (or the equivalent joints in other terrestrial vertebrates), parallel with the fibula.
tic:A habitual spasmodic contraction of the muscles, most often in the face.
tick:(of a clock or other mechanical device) make regular short sharp sounds, typically one for every second of time that passes.
ticked:Mark (an item) with a tick or select (a box) on a form, questionnaire, etc. to indicate that something has been chosen, checked, approved, or dealt with.
ticker:A watch.
ticket:Issue (someone) with an official notice of a traffic offense.
ticketed:(of a passenger) issued with a travel ticket.
tickets:Issue (someone) with an official notice of a traffic offence.
ticking:A strong, durable material, typically striped, used to cover mattresses and pillows.
tickle:Lightly touch or prod (a person or a part of the body) in a way that causes itching and often laughter.
tickled:Lightly touch or prod (a person or a part of the body) in a way that causes mild discomfort or itching and often laughter.
tickler:A thing that tickles.
tickling:Lightly touch or prod (a person or a part of the body) in a way that causes mild discomfort or itching and often laughter.
ticklish:Sensitive to being tickled.
ticks:Mark (an item) with a tick or select (a box) on a form, questionnaire, etc. to indicate that something has been chosen, checked, approved, or dealt with.
tics:A habitual spasmodic contraction of the muscles, most often in the face.
tidal:Relating to or affected by tides.
tidbit:A small piece of tasty food.
tidbits:A small piece of tasty food.
tide:The alternate rising and falling of the sea, usually twice in each lunar day at a particular place, due to the attraction of the moon and sun.
tides:Drift with or as if with the tide.
tidied:Bring order to (something); arrange neatly.
tidier:Bring order to (something); arrange neatly.
tidies:Bring order to (something); arrange neatly.
tidiness:The state or quality of being arranged neatly and in order.
tiding:Drift with or as if with the tide.
tidings:News; information.
tidy:Bring order to (something); arrange neatly.
tie:Attach or fasten (someone or something) with string or similar cord.
tiebreak:A means of deciding a winner from competitors who have tied, in particular (in tennis) a special game to decide the winner of a set when the score is six games all.
tied:Fastened or attached with string or similar cord.
tier:A row or level of a structure, typically one of a series of rows placed one above the other and successively receding or diminishing in size.
tiered:Having a series of rows or levels placed one above the other.
tiers:Each in a series of rows or levels of a structure placed one above the other.
ties:Attach or fasten with string or similar cord.
tiger:A very large solitary cat with a yellow-brown coat striped with black, native to the forests of Asia but becoming increasingly rare.
tigerish:Resembling or likened to a tiger, especially in being fierce and determined.
tigers:A very large solitary cat with a yellow-brown coat striped with black, native to the forests of Asia but becoming increasingly rare.
tight:Very firmly, closely, or tensely.
tighten:Make or become tight or tighter.
tightened:Make or become tight or tighter.
tightening:Make or become tight or tighter.
tighter:Very firmly, closely, or tensely.
tightfisted:Not willing to spend or give much money; miserly.
tightlipped:With the lips firmly closed, especially as a sign of suppressed emotion or determined reticence.
tightly:Closely and firmly.
tightness:The quality of being fixed, fastened, or closed firmly.
tightrope:A rope or wire stretched tightly high above the ground, on which acrobats perform feats of balancing.
tights:A woman's thin, close-fitting garment, typically made of nylon or other knitted yarn, covering the legs, hips, and bottom.
tightwad:A mean or miserly person.
tigress:A female tiger.
tigris:A river in southwestern Asia. It rises in the mountains of eastern Turkey and flows southeast for 1,150 miles (1,850 km) through Iraq, passing through Baghdad, to join the Euphrates River to form the Shatt al-Arab, which flows into the Persian Gulf.
tikka:An Indian dish of small pieces of meat or vegetables marinated in a spice mixture.
tilde:An accent (~) placed over Spanish n when pronounced ny (as in señor) or Portuguese a or o when nasalized (as in São Paulo), or over a vowel in phonetic transcription, indicating nasalization.
tile:Cover (something) with tiles.
tiled:Cover with tiles.
tiles:Cover with tiles.
tiling:A surface covered by tiles.
till:Up to (the point in time or the event mentioned); until.
tillage:The preparation of land for growing crops.
tilled:Up to (the point in time or the event mentioned); until.
tiller:A horizontal bar fitted to the head of a boat's rudder post and used as a lever for steering.
tillers:A horizontal bar fitted to the head of a boat's rudder post and used for steering.
tilling:Up to (the point in time or the event mentioned); until.
tills:Up to (the point in time or the event mentioned); until.
tilt:Move or cause to move into a sloping position.
tilted:Move or cause to move into a sloping position.
tilting:Move or cause to move into a sloping position.
tilts:Move or cause to move into a sloping position.
timber:Wood prepared for use in building and carpentry.
timbered:(of a building) made wholly or partly of timber.
timbre:The character or quality of a musical sound or voice as distinct from its pitch and intensity.
time:Plan, schedule, or arrange when (something) should happen or be done.
timed:Plan, schedule, or arrange when (something) should happen or be done.
timekeeper:A person who measures or records the amount of time taken, especially in a sports competition.
timekeeping:The action or process of recording how long something takes, especially in a sports competition.
timelapse:Denoting the photographic technique of taking a sequence of frames at set intervals to record changes that take place slowly over time. When the frames are shown at normal speed the action seems much faster.
timeless:Not affected by the passage of time or changes in fashion.
timeliness:The fact or quality of being done or occurring at a favorable or useful time.
timely:Done or occurring at a favorable or useful time; opportune.
timepiece:An instrument, such as a clock or watch, for measuring time.
timer:An automatic mechanism for activating a device at a preset time.
timers:An automatic mechanism for activating a device at a preset time.
times:Multiplied by.
timeshare:The arrangement whereby several joint owners have the right to use a property as a vacation home under a time-sharing agreement.
timetable:Schedule (something) to take place at a particular time.
timetables:Schedule (something) to take place at a particular time.
timid:Showing a lack of courage or confidence; easily frightened.
timidity:Lack of courage or confidence.
timidly:In a manner that shows a lack of courage or confidence.
timing:The choice, judgment, or control of when something should be done.
tin:Cover with a thin layer of tin.
tincture:Be tinged, flavored, or imbued with a slight amount of.
tinder:Dry, flammable material, such as wood or paper, used for lighting a fire.
tinderbox:A thing that is readily ignited.
tinfoil:Foil made of aluminum or a similar silvery-gray metal, used especially for covering or wrapping food.
tinge:Color slightly.
tinged:Colour slightly.
tinges:Colour slightly.
tingle:Experience or cause to experience a slight prickling or stinging sensation.
tingles:Experience or cause to experience a slight prickling or stinging sensation.
tingling:Experience or cause to experience a slight prickling or stinging sensation.
tingly:Causing or experiencing a slight prickling or stinging sensation.
tinier:A very young child.
tiniest:A very young child.
tinker:(especially in former times) a person who travels from place to place mending metal utensils as a way of making a living.
tinkering:Attempt to repair or improve something in a casual or desultory way.
tinkle:Make or cause to make a light, clear ringing sound.
tinkled:Make or cause to make a light, clear ringing sound.
tinkling:Make or cause to make a light, clear ringing sound.
tinned:(of food) preserved in a tin can.
tinner:A tin miner or tinsmith.
tinnitus:Ringing or buzzing in the ears.
tinny:Having a displeasingly thin, metallic sound.
tinpot:(especially of a country or its leader) having or showing poor leadership or organization.
tins:Cover with a thin layer of tin.
tinsel:A form of decoration consisting of thin strips of shiny metal foil.
tint:Color (something) slightly; tinge.
tinted:Slightly colored; tinged.
tinting:Colour (something) slightly; tinge.
tints:Colour (something) slightly; tinge.
tinware:Kitchen utensils or other articles made of tin or tinplate.
tiny:Very small.
tip:Attach to or cover the end or extremity of.
tipoff:A piece of information given in a discreet or confidential way.
tipped:Attach to or cover the end or extremity of.
tipper:A person who leaves a specified sort of tip as a reward for services they have received.
tipping:Attach to or cover the end or extremity of.
tipple:Drink alcohol, especially habitually.
tips:Attach to or cover the end or extremity of.
tipster:A person who gives tips, especially about the likely winner of a race or contest, and especially for a fee.
tipsy:Slightly drunk.
tiptoe:Walk quietly and carefully with one's heels raised and one's weight on the balls of the feet.
tiptoed:Walk quietly and carefully with one's heels raised and one's weight on the balls of the feet.
tiptop:The highest part or point of excellence.
tirade:A long, angry speech of criticism or accusation.
tirades:A long, angry speech of criticism or accusation.
tire:Feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep.
tired:In need of sleep or rest; weary.
tiredness:The state of wishing for sleep or rest; weariness.
tireless:Having or showing great effort or energy.
tirelessly:With great effort or energy.
tires:Feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep.
tiresome:Causing one to feel bored or annoyed.
tiring:Causing one to need rest or sleep; fatiguing.
tiro:A beginner or novice.
tissue:Any of the distinct types of material of which animals or plants are made, consisting of specialized cells and their products.
tissues:Any of the distinct types of material of which animals or plants are made, consisting of specialized cells and their products.
tit:A titmouse.
titan:A person or thing of very great strength, intellect, or importance.
titanic:Of exceptional strength, size, or power.
titanium:The chemical element of atomic number 22, a hard silver-gray metal of the transition series, used in strong, light, corrosion-resistant alloys.
titans:A person or thing of very great strength, intellect, or importance.
titbit:A small piece of tasty food.
titbits:A small piece of tasty food.
tithe:Pay or give as a tithe.
tithes:Pay or give as a tithe.
tithing:The practice of taking or paying a tithe.
titillate:Stimulate or excite (someone), especially in a sexual way.
titillating:Arousing mild sexual excitement or interest; salacious.
titillation:The arousal of interest or excitement, especially through sexually suggestive images or words.
title:Give a name to (a book, composition, or other work)
titled:(of a person) having a title indicating high social or official rank.
titles:Give a name to (a book, composition, or other work)
titrated:Ascertain the amount of a constituent in (a solution) by measuring the volume of a known concentration of reagent required to complete a reaction with it, typically using an indicator.
titre:The concentration of a solution as determined by titration.
titres:The concentration of a solution as determined by titration.
tits:A small songbird that searches acrobatically for insects among foliage and branches.
titter:Give a short, half-suppressed laugh; giggle.
tittering:Expressing or characterized by half-suppressed laughter or amusement.
titular:Holding or constituting a purely formal position or title without any real authority.
to:Expressing motion in the direction of (a particular location)
toad:A tailless amphibian with a short stout body and short legs, typically having dry warty skin that can exude poison.
toadies:Act in an obsequious way.
toads:A tailless amphibian with a short stout body and short legs, typically having dry warty skin that can exude poison.
toadstool:The spore-bearing fruiting body of a fungus, typically in the form of a rounded cap on a stalk, especially one that is believed to be inedible or poisonous.
toadstools:The spore-bearing fruiting body of a fungus, typically in the form of a rounded cap on a stalk, especially one that is believed to be inedible or poisonous.
toady:A person who behaves obsequiously to someone important.
toast:Cook or brown (food, especially bread or cheese) by exposure to a grill, fire, or other source of radiant heat.
toasted:(of food, especially bread or cheese) cooked or browned by exposure to a grill, fire, or other source of radiant heat.
toaster:An electrical device for making toast.
toasters:An electrical device for making toast.
toasts:Cook or brown (food, especially bread or cheese) by exposure to a grill, fire, or other source of radiant heat.
toasty:Of or resembling toast.
tobacco:A preparation of the nicotine-rich leaves of an American plant, which are cured by a process of drying and fermentation for smoking or chewing.
tobacconist:A dealer in cigarettes, tobacco, cigars, and other items used by smokers.
tobacconists:A shopkeeper who sells cigarettes, tobacco, and other items used by smokers.
tobago:see Trinidad and Tobago
toboggan:A long narrow sled used for the sport of coasting downhill over snow or ice. It typically is made of a lightweight board that is curved upward and backward at the front.
tobogganing:The activity or pastime of sliding downhill over snow on a toboggan.
toccata:A musical composition for a keyboard instrument designed to exhibit the performer's touch and technique.
tocsin:An alarm bell or signal.
today:On or in the course of this present day.
toddle:(of a young child) move with short unsteady steps while learning to walk.
toddled:(of a young child) move with short unsteady steps while learning to walk.
toddler:A young child who is just beginning to walk.
toddlers:A young child who is just beginning to walk.
toddling:(of a young child) move with short unsteady steps while learning to walk.
toddy:A drink made of alcoholic liquor with hot water, sugar, and sometimes spices.
todies:A small insectivorous Caribbean bird related to the motmots, with a large head, long bill, bright green upper parts, and a red throat.
toe:Push, touch, or kick (something) with one's toe.
toehold:A small place where a person's foot can be lodged to support them, especially while climbing.
toeing:Push, touch, or kick with one's toe.
toenail:Fasten (a piece of wood) by driving a nail obliquely through it.
toenails:Secure (a piece of wood) by driving a nail through it at an angle.
toes:Push, touch, or kick with one's toe.
toffee:A kind of firm or hard candy that softens when sucked or chewed, made by boiling together sugar and butter, often with other ingredients or flavorings added.
toffy:A kind of firm or hard sweet which softens when sucked or chewed, made by boiling together sugar and butter, often with other ingredients or flavourings added.
tofu:Curd made from mashed soybeans, used chiefly in Asian and vegetarian cooking.
tog:Be or get dressed for a particular occasion or activity.
toga:A loose flowing outer garment worn by the citizens of ancient Rome, made of a single piece of cloth and covering the whole body apart from the right arm.
togas:A loose flowing outer garment worn by the citizens of ancient Rome, made of a single piece of cloth and covering the whole body apart from the right arm.
together:With or in proximity to another person or people.
togetherness:The state of being close to another person or other people.
toggle:Switch from one effect, feature, or state to another by using a toggle.
toggled:Switch from one effect, feature, or state to another by using a toggle.
toggles:Switch from one effect, feature, or state to another by using a toggle.
toggling:Switch from one effect, feature, or state to another by using a toggle.
togo:A country in West Africa with a short coastline on the Gulf of Guinea; population 7,300,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Lomé; languages, French (official) and West African languages. Official name Togolese Republic.
togs:Be or get dressed for a particular occasion or activity.
toil:Work extremely hard or incessantly.
toiled:Work extremely hard or incessantly.
toilet:Assist or supervise (someone, especially an infant or invalid) in using a toilet.
toileting:Assist or supervise (someone, especially an infant or invalid) in using a toilet.
toiletries:Articles used in washing and taking care of one's body, such as soap, shampoo, and toothpaste.
toilets:Assist or supervise (someone, especially an infant or invalid) in using a toilet.
toilette:The process of washing oneself, dressing, and attending to one's appearance.
toiling:Work extremely hard or incessantly.
toils:Used in reference to a situation regarded as a trap.
tokamak:A toroidal apparatus for producing controlled fusion reactions in hot plasma.
token:A thing serving as a visible or tangible representation of a fact, quality, feeling, etc.
tokenism:The practice of making only a perfunctory or symbolic effort to do a particular thing, especially by recruiting a small number of people from underrepresented groups in order to give the appearance of sexual or racial equality within a workforce.
tokens:A thing serving as a visible or tangible representation of a fact, quality, feeling, etc.
tokyo:The capital of Japan, located on the northwestern shores of Tokyo Bay, on the southeastern part of the island of Honshu; population 12,758,000 (est. 2007). Formerly called Edo, it was the center of the military government under the shoguns 1603–1867. Renamed Tokyo in 1868, it replaced Kyoto as the imperial capital.
tolbooth:A roadside kiosk where drivers or pedestrians must pay to use a bridge or road.
told:Communicate information to someone in spoken or written words.
toledo:A city in central Spain on the Tagus River, capital of Castilla–La Mancha region; population 80,810 (2008). Toledan steel and sword blades have been well known since the first century BC.
tolerable:Able to be endured.
tolerance:The ability or willingness to tolerate something, in particular the existence of opinions or behavior that one does not necessarily agree with.
tolerances:The ability or willingness to tolerate the existence of opinions or behaviour that one dislikes or disagrees with.
tolerant:Showing willingness to allow the existence of opinions or behavior that one does not necessarily agree with.
tolerantly:In an accepting or forbearing manner.
tolerate:Allow the existence, occurrence, or practice of (something that one does not necessarily like or agree with) without interference.
tolerated:Allow the existence, occurrence, or practice of (something that one dislikes or disagrees with) without interference.
tolerates:Allow the existence, occurrence, or practice of (something that one dislikes or disagrees with) without interference.
tolerating:Allow the existence, occurrence, or practice of (something that one dislikes or disagrees with) without interference.
toleration:The practice of tolerating something, in particular differences of opinion or behavior.
toll:Charge a toll for the use of (a bridge or road)
tolled:Charge a toll for the use of (a bridge or road)
tollgate:A barrier across a road where drivers or pedestrians must pay to go further.
tolling:Charge a toll for the use of (a bridge or road)
tolls:Charge a toll for the use of (a bridge or road)
toluene:A colorless liquid hydrocarbon present in coal tar and petroleum and used as a solvent and in organic synthesis.
tomahawk:Strike or cut with or as if with a tomahawk.
tomahawks:Strike or cut with or as if with a tomahawk.
tomato:A glossy red, or occasionally yellow, pulpy edible fruit that is eaten as a vegetable or in salad.
tomb:A large vault, typically an underground one, for burying the dead.
tombola:A game in which people pick tickets out of a revolving drum and certain tickets win immediate prizes, typically played at a fete or fair.
tomboy:A girl who enjoys rough, noisy activities traditionally associated with boys.
tomboys:A girl who enjoys rough, noisy activities traditionally associated with boys.
tombs:A large vault, typically an underground one, for burying the dead.
tombstone:A large, flat inscribed stone standing or laid over a grave.
tombstones:Jump into the sea from a cliff or other high point.
tomcat:A male domestic cat.
tome:A book, especially a large, heavy, scholarly one.
tomes:A book, especially a large, heavy, scholarly one.
tomfoolery:Foolish or silly behavior.
tomography:A technique for displaying a representation of a cross section through a human body or other solid object using X-rays or ultrasound.
tomorrow:On the day after today.
ton:A unit of weight equal to 2,000 pounds avoirdupois (907.19 kg).A unit of weight equal to 2,240 pounds avoirdupois (1016.05 kg).A unit of measurement of a ship's weight representing the weight of water it displaces, equal to 2,240 pounds or 35 cubic feet (0.99 cu m).A unit of weight or volume of sea cargo, equal to a metric ton (1,000 kg) or 40 cubic feet.
tonal:Relating to the tone of music, color, or writing.
tonality:The character of a piece of music as determined by the key in which it is played or the relations between the notes of a scale or key.
tone:Give greater strength or firmness to (the body or a muscle)
toned:Having firm and well-defined muscles.
toneless:(of a voice or musical sound) lacking expression or interest.
toner:An astringent liquid applied to the skin to reduce oiliness and improve its condition.
toners:An astringent liquid applied to the skin to reduce oiliness and improve its condition.
tones:Give greater strength or firmness to (the body or a muscle)
tonga:A light horse-drawn two-wheeled vehicle used in India.
tongs:An instrument with two movable arms that are joined at one end, used for picking up and holding things.
tongue:Sound (a note) distinctly on a wind instrument by interrupting the air flow with the tongue.
tongues:Sound (a note) distinctly on a wind instrument by interrupting the air flow with the tongue.
tonic:A medicinal substance taken to give a feeling of vigor or well-being.
tonics:A medicinal substance taken to give a feeling of vigour or well-being.
tonight:On the present or approaching evening or night.
toning:Give greater strength or firmness to (the body or a muscle)
tonnage:Weight in tons, especially of cargo or freight.
tonnages:Weight in tons, especially of cargo or freight.
tons:Imperial or metric ton(s)
tonsil:Either of two small masses of lymphoid tissue in the throat, one on each side of the root of the tongue.
tonsillectomy:A surgical operation to remove the tonsils.
tonsillitis:Inflammation of the tonsils.
tonsils:Either of two small masses of lymphoid tissue in the throat, one on each side of the root of the tongue.
tonsure:Shave the hair on top of (a monk's or priest's head); give a tonsure to.
tony:Fashionable among wealthy or stylish people.
too:To a higher degree than is desirable, permissible, or possible; excessively.
took:Lay hold of (something) with one's hands; reach for and hold.
tool:Impress a design on (leather, especially a leather book cover)
toolbox:A box or container for keeping tools in.
toolboxes:A box or container for keeping tools in.
tooled:Impress a design on (leather, especially a leather book cover)
tooling:Assorted tools, especially ones required for a mechanized process.
toolmaker:A maker of tools, especially a person who makes and maintains tools for use in a manufacturing process.
tools:Impress a design on (leather, especially a leather book cover)
toot:Sound (a horn or similar instrument) with a short, sharp sound.
tooted:Sound (a horn or similar) with a short, sharp sound.
tooth:Each of a set of hard, bony enamel-coated structures in the jaws of most vertebrates, used for biting and chewing.
toothache:Pain in a tooth or teeth.
toothbrush:A small brush with a long handle, used for cleaning the teeth.
toothbrushes:A small brush with a long handle, used for cleaning the teeth.
toothier:Having or showing large, numerous, or prominent teeth.
toothiest:Having or showing large, numerous, or prominent teeth.
toothless:Having no teeth, typically through old age.
toothpaste:A paste used on a toothbrush for cleaning the teeth.
toothpick:A short pointed piece of wood or plastic used for removing bits of food lodged between the teeth.
toothpicks:A short pointed piece of wood or plastic used for removing bits of food lodged between the teeth.
toothsome:(of food) temptingly tasty.
toothy:Having or showing large, numerous, or prominent teeth.
tooting:Sound (a horn or similar) with a short, sharp sound.
tootle:Casually make a series of sounds on a horn, trumpet, or similar instrument.
top:The highest or uppermost point, part, or surface of something.
topaz:A precious stone, typically colorless, yellow, or pale blue, consisting of a fluorine-containing aluminum silicate.
topazes:A precious stone, typically colourless, yellow, or pale blue, consisting of an aluminium silicate that contains fluorine.
topcoat:An overcoat.
topiary:The art or practice of clipping shrubs or trees into ornamental shapes.
topic:A matter dealt with in a text, discourse, or conversation; a subject.
topical:A postage stamp forming part of a set or collection with designs connected with the same subject.
topics:A matter dealt with in a text, discourse, or conversation; a subject.
topless:(of a woman) having the breasts uncovered.
topmost:Highest in physical position; highest.
topnotch:Of the highest quality; excellent.
topographic:Relating to the arrangement of the physical features of an area.
topographical:Relating to the arrangement or accurate representation of the physical features of an area.
topography:The arrangement of the natural and artificial physical features of an area.
topological:Relating to the way in which constituent parts are interrelated or arranged.
topology:The way in which constituent parts are interrelated or arranged.
topped:Having a top, topping, or surface of a specified kind.
topper:Something that culminates a situation; a clincher.
topping:A layer of food poured or spread over a base of a different type of food to add flavor.
toppings:A layer of food poured or spread over a base of a different type of food to add flavour.
topple:Overbalance or become unsteady and fall slowly.
toppled:Overbalance or cause to overbalance and fall.
topples:Overbalance or cause to overbalance and fall.
toppling:Overbalance or cause to overbalance and fall.
tops:Exceed (an amount, level, or number); be more than.
topsoil:The top layer of soil.
topspin:A fast forward spinning motion imparted to a ball when throwing or hitting it, often resulting in a curved path or a strong forward motion on rebounding.
torah:(in Judaism) the law of God as revealed to Moses and recorded in the first five books of the Hebrew scriptures (the Pentateuch).
torch:Set fire to.
torchbearer:A person who carries a ceremonial torch.
torchbearers:A person who carries a ceremonial torch.
torched:Set fire to.
torches:Set fire to.
torchlight:The light of a torch or torches.
torchlit:Lit by a torch or torches.
tore:past of tear
tori:A surface or solid formed by rotating a closed curve, especially a circle, about a line which lies in the same plane but does not intersect it (e.g. like a ring doughnut).
tories:(in the UK) a member or supporter of the Conservative Party.
torment:Cause to experience severe mental or physical suffering.
tormented:Experiencing or characterized by severe physical or mental suffering.
tormenting:Inflicting severe physical or mental suffering.
tormentor:A person who inflicts severe mental or physical suffering on someone.
tormentors:A person who inflicts severe mental or physical suffering on someone.
torments:Cause to experience severe mental or physical suffering.
torn:Pull (something) apart or to pieces with force.
tornado:A mobile, destructive vortex of violently rotating winds having the appearance of a funnel-shaped cloud and advancing beneath a large storm system.
toronto:A city in Canada, capital of Ontario, on the northern shore of Lake Ontario; population 2,503,281 (2006).
torpedo:Attack or sink (a ship) with a torpedo or torpedoes.
torpedoed:Attack or sink (a ship) with a torpedo or torpedoes.
torpid:Mentally or physically inactive; lethargic.
torpor:A state of physical or mental inactivity; lethargy.
torque:Apply torque or a twisting force to (an object)
torques:Apply torque or a twisting force to (an object)
torrent:A strong and fast-moving stream of water or other liquid.
torrential:(of rain) falling rapidly and in copious quantities.
torrents:A strong and fast-moving stream of water or other liquid.
torrid:Very hot and dry.
torsion:The action of twisting or the state of being twisted, especially of one end of an object relative to the other.
torsional:Relating to or resulting from torsion.
torso:The trunk of the human body.
tortoise:A turtle, typically a herbivorous one that lives on land.
tortoises:A slow-moving typically herbivorous land reptile of warm climates, enclosed in a scaly or leathery domed shell into which it can retract its head and thick legs.
tortoiseshell:The semitransparent mottled yellow and brown shell of certain turtles, typically used to make jewelry or ornaments.
torts:A wrongful act or an infringement of a right (other than under contract) leading to legal liability.
tortuous:Full of twists and turns.
torture:Inflict severe pain or suffering on.
tortured:Inflict severe pain or suffering on.
torturer:A person who inflicts severe pain on someone as a punishment or in order to force them to do or say something.
torturers:A person who inflicts severe pain on someone as a punishment or in order to force them to do or say something.
tortures:Inflict severe pain or suffering on.
torturing:Inflict severe pain or suffering on.
torturous:Characterized by, involving, or causing excruciating pain or suffering.
torus:A surface or solid formed by rotating a closed curve, especially a circle, around a line that lies in the same plane but does not intersect it (e.g., like a ring-shaped doughnut).
tory:An American colonist who supported the British side during the American Revolution.
toss:Throw (something) somewhere lightly, easily, or casually.
tossed:Throw (something) somewhere lightly or casually.
tossers:A person or thing that tosses something.
tosses:Throw (something) somewhere lightly or casually.
tossing:Throw (something) somewhere lightly or casually.
tot:A very young child.
total:Amount in number to.
totalising:Treating disparate parts as having one character, principle, or application.
totalitarian:A person advocating a totalitarian system of government.
totalitarianism:A system of government that is centralized and dictatorial and requires complete subservience to the state.
totality:The whole of something.
totalled:Amount in number to.
totalling:Amount in number to.
totally:Completely; absolutely.
totals:Amount in number to.
totem:A natural object or animal that is believed by a particular society to have spiritual significance and that is adopted by it as an emblem.
totemic:Relating to or resembling a totem or totems.
totems:A natural object or animal that is believed by a particular society to have spiritual significance and that is adopted by it as an emblem.
tots:A very young child.
totted:A very young child.
totter:Move in a feeble or unsteady way.
tottered:Move in a feeble or unsteady way.
tottering:(of a person's steps) feeble or unsteady.
totters:Move in a feeble or unsteady way.
totting:The activity or practice of salvaging salable items from garbage cans or piles of waste.
toucans:A tropical American fruit-eating bird with a massive bill and typically brightly coloured plumage.
touch:Come into or be in contact with.
touchdown:A six-point score made by carrying or passing the ball into the end zone of the opposing side, or by recovering it there following a fumble or blocked kick.
touchdowns:The moment at which an aircraft's wheels or part of a spacecraft make contact with the ground during landing.
touched:Feeling gratitude or sympathy; moved.
toucher:A person or thing that touches.
touches:Come into or be in contact with.
touchier:Easily upset or offended; oversensitive.
touchiest:Easily upset or offended; oversensitive.
touching:Concerning; about.
touchy:(of a person) oversensitive and irritable.
tough:Endure a period of hardship or difficulty.
toughen:Make or become tougher.
toughened:Make or become stronger or more resilient.
toughens:Make or become stronger or more resilient.
tougher:Endure a period of hardship or difficulty.
toughest:Endure a period of hardship or difficulty.
toughie:A person who is tough, determined, and not easily daunted.
toughies:A person who is tough and determined.
toughness:The state of being strong enough to withstand adverse conditions or rough handling.
toughs:Endure a period of hardship or difficulty.
toupee:A small wig or artificial hairpiece worn to cover a bald spot.
tour:Make a tour of (an area)
toured:Make a tour of (an area)
tourer:A car, camper, or bicycle designed for touring.
tourers:A car, caravan, or bicycle designed for touring.
touring:Make a tour of (an area)
tourism:The commercial organization and operation of vacations and visits to places of interest.
tourist:A person who is traveling or visiting a place for pleasure.
touristic:Relating to or popular with tourists.
tourists:Travel as a tourist.
touristy:Relating to, appealing to, or visited by tourists (often used to suggest tawdriness or lack of authenticity)
tournament:(in a sport or game) a series of contests between a number of competitors, who compete for an overall prize.
tournaments:(in a sport or game) a series of contests between a number of competitors, competing for an overall prize.
tourney:A tournament.
tourniquet:A device for stopping the flow of blood through a vein or artery, typically by compressing a limb with a cord or tight bandage.
tours:An industrial city in western central France, on the Loire River; population 140,252 (2006).
tousled:(of hair) untidy.
tousles:Make (a person's hair) untidy.
tout:Attempt to sell (something), typically by pestering people in an aggressive or bold manner.
touted:Attempt to sell (something), typically by a direct or persistent approach.
touting:Attempt to sell (something), typically by a direct or persistent approach.
touts:Attempt to sell (something), typically by a direct or persistent approach.
tow:(of a motor vehicle or boat) pull (another vehicle or boat) along with a rope, chain, or tow bar.
toward:In the direction of.
towards:In the direction of.
towed:(of a motor vehicle or boat) pull (another vehicle or boat) along with a rope, chain, or tow bar.
towel:Wipe or dry (a person or thing) with a towel.
towelled:Wipe or dry with a towel.
towelling:Thick absorbent cloth, typically cotton with uncut loops, used for towels and robes.
towels:Wipe or dry with a towel.
tower:A tall, narrow building, either freestanding or forming part of a building such as a church or castle.
towered:(of a structure) having a tower or towers.
towering:Extremely tall, especially in comparison with the surroundings.
towers:Rise to or reach a great height.
towing:(of a motor vehicle or boat) pull (another vehicle or boat) along with a rope, chain, or tow bar.
town:An urban area that has a name, defined boundaries, and local government, and that is generally larger than a village and smaller than a city.
towns:A built-up area with a name, defined boundaries, and local government, that is larger than a village and generally smaller than a city.
townscape:The visual appearance of a town or urban area; an urban landscape.
townscapes:The visual appearance of a town or urban area; an urban landscape.
township:A division of a county with some corporate powers.
townships:(in South Africa) a suburb or city of predominantly black occupation, formerly officially designated for black occupation by apartheid legislation.
townsman:A male resident of a particular town or city.
townsmen:A male resident of a particular town or city (often used to contrast with a visitor or a person living in the country)
townspeople:The people living in a particular town or city.
towpath:A path beside a river or canal, originally used as a pathway for horses towing barges.
towpaths:A path beside a river or canal, originally used as a pathway for horses towing barges.
tows:(of a motor vehicle or boat) pull (another vehicle or boat) along with a rope, chain, or tow bar.
toxaemia:Blood poisoning by toxins from a local bacterial infection.
toxic:Poisonous substances.
toxicity:The quality of being toxic or poisonous.
toxicology:The branch of science concerned with the nature, effects, and detection of poisons.
toxin:An antigenic poison or venom of plant or animal origin, especially one produced by or derived from microorganisms and causing disease when present at low concentration in the body.
toxins:A poison of plant or animal origin, especially one produced by or derived from microorganisms and acting as an antigen in the body.
toy:An object for a child to play with, typically a model or miniature replica of something.
toyed:Move or handle (an object) absent-mindedly or nervously.
toying:Move or handle (an object) absent-mindedly or nervously.
toymaker:A maker or manufacturer of toys.
toys:Move or handle (an object) absent-mindedly or nervously.
toyshop:A shop which sells toys.
trace:Find or discover by investigation.
traceability:The quality of having an origin or course of development that may be found or followed.
traceable:Able to be found or discovered.
traced:Find or discover by investigation.
tracer:A person or thing that traces something or by which something may be traced.
tracers:A person or thing that traces something or by which something may be traced.
tracery:Ornamental stone openwork, typically in the upper part of a Gothic window.
traces:Find or discover by investigation.
trachea:A large membranous tube reinforced by rings of cartilage, extending from the larynx to the bronchial tubes and conveying air to and from the lungs; the windpipe.
tracheostomy:An incision in the windpipe made to relieve an obstruction to breathing.
tracheotomy:An incision in the windpipe made to relieve an obstruction to breathing.
tracing:A copy of a drawing, map, or design made by tracing it.
tracings:A copy of a drawing, map, or design made by tracing.
track:Follow the course or trail of (someone or something), typically in order to find them or note their location at various points.
trackbed:A roadbed for a railroad.
tracked:Follow the trail or movements of (someone or something), typically in order to find them or note their course.
tracker:A person who tracks someone or something by following their trail.
trackers:A person who tracks someone or something by following their trail.
tracking:The maintenance of a constant difference in frequency between two or more connected circuits or components.
trackless:(of land) having no paths or tracks on it.
tracks:Follow the trail or movements of (someone or something), typically in order to find them or note their course.
tracksuit:A loose, warm set of clothes consisting of a sweatshirt and trousers with an elasticated or drawstring waist, worn when exercising or as casual wear.
tracksuits:A loose, warm set of clothes consisting of a sweatshirt and trousers with an elasticated or drawstring waist, worn when exercising or as casual wear.
trackway:A path formed by the repeated treading of people or animals.
trackways:A path formed by the repeated treading of people or animals.
tract:An area of indefinite extent, typically a large one.
tractable:(of a person) easy to control or influence.
traction:The action of drawing or pulling something over a surface, especially a road or track.
tractor:A powerful motor vehicle with large rear wheels, used chiefly on farms for hauling equipment and trailers.
tractors:A powerful motor vehicle with large rear wheels, used chiefly on farms for hauling equipment and trailers.
tracts:An area of land, typically a large one.
trad:Traditional jazz or folk music.
trade:Buy and sell goods and services.
tradeable:Items intended for trade.
traded:Buy and sell goods and services.
trademark:Mark with or register as a trademark.
trademarked:Marked with or registered as a trademark.
trademarks:Mark with or register as a trademark.
trader:A person who buys and sells goods, currency, or stocks.
traders:A person who buys and sells goods, currency, or shares.
trades:Buy and sell goods and services.
tradesman:A person engaged in trading or a trade, typically on a relatively small scale.
tradesmen:A person engaged in trading or a trade, typically on a relatively small scale.
tradespeople:People engaged in trade.
trading:The action of engaging in trade.
tradition:The transmission of customs or beliefs from generation to generation, or the fact of being passed on in this way.
traditional:Existing in or as part of a tradition; long-established.
traditionalism:The upholding or maintenance of tradition, especially so as to resist change.
traditionalist:An advocate of maintaining tradition, especially so as to resist change.
traditionalists:An advocate of maintaining tradition, especially so as to resist change.
traditionally:As part of a long-established custom, practice, or belief; typically.
traduced:Speak badly of or tell lies about (someone) so as to damage their reputation.
traffic:Vehicles moving on a road or public highway.
trafficked:Deal or trade in something illegal.
trafficker:A person who deals or trades in something illegal.
traffickers:A person who deals or trades in something illegal.
trafficking:Deal or trade in something illegal.
tragedian:An actor who specializes in tragic roles.
tragedians:An actor who specializes in tragic roles.
tragedies:An event causing great suffering, destruction, and distress, such as a serious accident, crime, or natural catastrophe.
tragedy:An event causing great suffering, destruction, and distress, such as a serious accident, crime, or natural catastrophe.
tragic:Causing or characterized by extreme distress or sorrow.
tragically:In a way that involves or causes extreme distress or sorrow.
trail:Draw or be drawn along the ground or other surface behind someone or something.
trailed:Draw or be drawn along behind someone or something.
trailer:Advertise (a movie or program) in advance by broadcasting excerpts or details.
trailers:Give advance publicity to (a film, broadcast, or proposal) by releasing extracts or selected details.
trailing:Draw or be drawn along behind someone or something.
trails:Draw or be drawn along behind someone or something.
train:Teach (a person or animal) a particular skill or type of behavior through practice and instruction over a period of time.
trained:Having been taught a particular skill or type of behavior through practice and instruction over a period of time.
trainee:A person undergoing training for a particular job or profession.
trainees:A person undergoing training for a particular job or profession.
trainer:A person who trains people or animals.
trainers:A person who trains people or animals.
training:The action of teaching a person or animal a particular skill or type of behavior.
trainload:A number of people or a quantity of a commodity transported by train.
trains:Teach (a person or animal) a particular skill or type of behaviour through practice and instruction over a period of time.
trait:A distinguishing quality or characteristic, typically one belonging to a person.
traitor:A person who betrays a friend, country, principle, etc.
traitorous:Relating to or characteristic of a traitor; treacherous.
traitors:A person who betrays someone or something, such as a friend, cause, or principle.
traits:A distinguishing quality or characteristic, typically one belonging to a person.
trajectories:The path followed by a projectile flying or an object moving under the action of given forces.
trajectory:The path followed by a projectile flying or an object moving under the action of given forces.
tram:A trolley car.
tramcar:A passenger vehicle powered by electricity conveyed by overhead cables, and running on rails laid in a public road.
tramlines:A pair of parallel lines, in particular the long lines at the sides of a tennis court (enclosing the extra width used in doubles play) or at the sides or back of a badminton court.
trammel:Deprive of freedom of action.
tramp:Walk heavily or noisily.
tramped:Walk heavily or noisily.
tramping:The recreational activity of going for long-distance walks in rough country.
trample:Tread on and crush.
trampled:Tread on and crush.
tramples:Tread on and crush.
trampling:Tread on and crush.
trampoline:A piece of equipment consisting of a strong fabric sheet connected by springs to a frame, used as a springboard and landing area in doing acrobatic or gymnastic exercises.
trampolines:Do acrobatic or gymnastic exercises on a trampoline as a recreation or sport.
trampolining:The activity or sport of doing acrobatic or gymnastic exercises on a trampoline.
tramps:Walk heavily or noisily.
trams:A passenger vehicle powered by electricity conveyed by overhead cables, and running on rails laid in a public road.
tramway:A set of rails that forms the route for a streetcar.
tramways:A set of rails which forms the route for a tram.
trance:Put into a trance.
trances:Put into a trance.
tranche:A portion of something, especially money.
tranches:A portion of something, especially money.
tranny:A transvestite or transgender person.
tranquil:Free from disturbance; calm.
tranquillise:(of a drug) have a calming or sedative effect on.
tranquillised:(of a drug) have a calming or sedative effect on.
tranquilliser:A medicinal drug taken to reduce tension or anxiety.
tranquillisers:A medicinal drug taken to reduce tension or anxiety.
tranquillity:The quality or state of being tranquil; calm.
transact:Conduct or carry out (business)
transacted:Conduct or carry out (business)
transacting:Conduct or carry out (business)
transaction:An instance of buying or selling something; a business deal.
transactional:Relating to the conducting of business, especially buying or selling.
transactions:An instance of buying or selling something.
transatlantic:Crossing the Atlantic.
transceiver:A device that can both transmit and receive communications, in particular a combined radio transmitter and receiver.
transceivers:A device that can both transmit and receive communications, in particular a combined radio transmitter and receiver.
transcend:Be or go beyond the range or limits of (something abstract, typically a conceptual field or division)
transcended:Be or go beyond the range or limits of (a field of activity or conceptual sphere)
transcendence:Existence or experience beyond the normal or physical level.
transcendent:Beyond or above the range of normal or merely physical human experience.
transcendental:Relating to a spiritual or nonphysical realm.
transcending:Be or go beyond the range or limits of (a field of activity or conceptual sphere)
transcends:Be or go beyond the range or limits of (a field of activity or conceptual sphere)
transcontinental:A transcontinental railroad or train.
transcribe:Put (thoughts, speech, or data) into written or printed form.
transcribed:Put (thoughts, speech, or data) into written or printed form.
transcribes:Put (thoughts, speech, or data) into written or printed form.
transcribing:Put (thoughts, speech, or data) into written or printed form.
transcript:A written or printed version of material originally presented in another medium.
transcription:A written or printed representation of something.
transcriptional:Relating to the transcription of something.
transcriptions:A written or printed version of something; a transcript.
transcripts:A written or printed version of material originally presented in another medium.
transducer:A device that converts variations in a physical quantity, such as pressure or brightness, into an electrical signal, or vice versa.
transducers:A device that converts variations in a physical quantity, such as pressure or brightness, into an electrical signal, or vice versa.
transduction:The action of transducing a signal.
transept:(in a cross-shaped church) either of the two parts forming the arms of the cross shape, projecting at right angles from the nave.
transepts:(in a cross-shaped church) either of the two parts forming the arms of the cross shape, projecting at right angles from the nave.
transfer:Move from one place to another.
transferable:(especially of financial assets, liabilities, or legal rights) able to be transferred or made over to the possession of another person.
transference:The action of transferring something or the process of being transferred.
transferral:An act of transferring someone or something.
transferred:Move from one place to another.
transferring:Move from one place to another.
transfers:Move from one place to another.
transfiguration:A complete change of form or appearance into a more beautiful or spiritual state.
transfigured:Transform into something more beautiful or elevated.
transfinite:Relating to or denoting a number corresponding to an infinite set in the way that a natural number denotes or counts members of a finite set.
transfixed:Cause (someone) to become motionless with horror, wonder, or astonishment.
transform:Make a thorough or dramatic change in the form, appearance, or character of.
transformation:A thorough or dramatic change in form or appearance.
transformational:Relating to or involving transformation or transformations.
transformations:A marked change in form, nature, or appearance.
transformative:Causing a marked change in someone or something.
transformed:Make a marked change in the form, nature, or appearance of.
transformer:An apparatus for reducing or increasing the voltage of an alternating current.
transformers:An apparatus for reducing or increasing the voltage of an alternating current.
transforming:Make a marked change in the form, nature, or appearance of.
transforms:Make a marked change in the form, nature, or appearance of.
transfused:Transfer (blood or its components) from one person or animal to another.
transfusing:Transfer (blood or its components) from one person or animal to another.
transfusion:An act of transferring donated blood, blood products, or other fluid into the circulatory system of a person or animal.
transfusions:An act of transferring donated blood, blood products, or other fluid into the circulatory system of a person or animal.
transgress:Infringe or go beyond the bounds of (a moral principle or other established standard of behavior)
transgressed:Go beyond the limits of (what is morally, socially, or legally acceptable)
transgresses:Go beyond the limits of (what is morally, socially, or legally acceptable)
transgressing:Go beyond the limits of (what is morally, socially, or legally acceptable)
transgression:An act that goes against a law, rule, or code of conduct; an offense.
transgressions:An act that goes against a law, rule, or code of conduct; an offence.
transgressive:Involving a violation of accepted or imposed boundaries, especially those of social acceptability.
transience:The state or fact of lasting only for a short time; transitory nature.
transient:A person who is staying or working in a place for only a short time.
transients:A person who is staying or working in a place for a short time only.
transistor:A semiconductor device with three connections, capable of amplification in addition to rectification.
transistorised:Designed or made with transistors rather than valves.
transistors:A semiconductor device with three connections, capable of amplification in addition to rectification.
transit:Pass across or through (an area)
transition:Undergo or cause to undergo a process or period of transition.
transitional:Relating to or characteristic of a process or period of transition.
transitions:Undergo or cause to undergo a process or period of transition.
transitive:A transitive verb.
transitory:Not permanent.
transits:Pass across or through (an area)
translate:Express the sense of (words or text) in another language.
translated:Express the sense of (words or text) in another language.
translates:Express the sense of (words or text) in another language.
translating:Express the sense of (words or text) in another language.
translation:The process of translating words or text from one language into another.
translational:Relating to the process of translating words or text from one language into another.
translator:A person who translates from one language into another, especially as a profession.
translators:A person who translates from one language into another, especially as a profession.
transliterate:Write or print (a letter or word) using the closest corresponding letters of a different alphabet or script.
transliterated:Write or print (a letter or word) using the closest corresponding letters of a different alphabet or script.
transliterates:Write or print (a letter or word) using the closest corresponding letters of a different alphabet or script.
transliterating:Write or print (a letter or word) using the closest corresponding letters of a different alphabet or script.
translucent:(of a substance) allowing light, but not detailed shapes, to pass through; semitransparent.
transmissible:(of a disease or trait) able to be passed on from one person or organism to another.
transmission:The action or process of transmitting something, or the state of being transmitted.
transmit:Cause (something) to pass on from one place or person to another.
transmits:Cause (something) to pass on from one person or place to another.
transmittance:The ratio of the light energy falling on a body to that transmitted through it.
transmitted:Passed on from one person or place to another.
transmitter:A set of equipment used to generate and transmit electromagnetic waves carrying messages or signals, especially those of radio or television.
transmitters:A set of equipment used to generate and transmit electromagnetic waves carrying messages or signals, especially those of radio or television.
transmitting:Cause (something) to pass on from one person or place to another.
transmogrifies:Transform in a surprising or magical manner.
transmogrify:Transform in a surprising or magical manner.
transmutation:The action of changing or the state of being changed into another form.
transmute:Change in form, nature, or substance.
transmuted:Change in form, nature, or substance.
transmuting:Change in form, nature, or substance.
transnational:A large company operating internationally; a multinational.
transom:The flat surface forming the stern of a boat.
transonic:Denoting or relating to speeds close to that of sound.
transparencies:The condition of being transparent.
transparency:The condition of being transparent.
transparent:(of a material or article) allowing light to pass through so that objects behind can be distinctly seen.
transparently:In an honest and open manner.
transpiration:(of a plant or leaf) the exhalation of water vapor through the stomata.
transpire:Occur; happen.
transpired:(of a secret or something unknown) come to be known; be revealed.
transpires:(of a secret or something unknown) come to be known; be revealed.
transplant:Move or transfer (something) to another place or situation, typically with some effort or upheaval.
transplantation:The process of taking an organ or living tissue and implanting it in another part of the body or in another body.
transplanted:(of living tissue or an organ) implanted in another part of the body or in another body.
transplanting:Move or transfer (someone or something) to another place or situation.
transport:Take or carry (people or goods) from one place to another by means of a vehicle, aircraft, or ship.
transportable:A large portable computer or telephone.
transportation:The action of transporting someone or something or the process of being transported.
transported:Take or carry (people or goods) from one place to another by means of a vehicle, aircraft, or ship.
transporter:A person or thing that transports something.
transporting:Take or carry (people or goods) from one place to another by means of a vehicle, aircraft, or ship.
transports:Take or carry (people or goods) from one place to another by means of a vehicle, aircraft, or ship.
transpose:Cause (two or more things) to change places with each other.
transposed:Cause (two or more things) to exchange places.
transposing:Cause (two or more things) to exchange places.
transposition:The action of transposing something.
transverse:Situated or extending across something.
transvestism:The action or practice of dressing in clothes primarily associated with the opposite sex.
transvestite:A person who dresses in clothes primarily associated with the opposite sex (typically used of a man).
trap:Catch (an animal) in a trap.
trapdoor:A hinged or removable panel in a floor, ceiling, or roof.
trapeze:A horizontal bar hanging by two ropes (usually high in the air) and free to swing, used by acrobats in a circus.
trapped:Catch (an animal) in a trap.
trapper:A person who traps wild animals, especially for their fur.
trappers:A person who traps wild animals, especially for their fur.
trapping:Catch (an animal) in a trap.
trappings:The outward signs, features, or objects associated with a particular situation, role, or thing.
traps:Personal belongings; baggage.
trash:Damage or wreck.
trashed:Damaged or wrecked.
trashy:(especially of items of popular culture) of poor quality.
trauma:A deeply distressing or disturbing experience.
traumas:A deeply distressing or disturbing experience.
traumata:A deeply distressing or disturbing experience.
traumatic:Emotionally disturbing or distressing.
traumatise:Subject to lasting shock as a result of a disturbing experience or physical injury.
traumatised:Subject to lasting shock as a result of a disturbing experience or physical injury.
travail:Painful or laborious effort.
travel:Go from one place to another, typically over a distance of some length.
travelled:Having travelled to many places.
traveller:A person who is travelling or who often travels.
travellers:A person who is travelling or who often travels.
travelling:The action or activity of going from one place to another, typically over a distance of some length.
travelogue:A movie, book, or illustrated lecture about the places visited and experiences encountered by a traveler.
travels:Go from one place to another, typically over a distance of some length.
traverse:Travel across or through.
traversed:Travel across or through.
traversing:Travel across or through.
travesty:Represent in a false or distorted way.
trawl:Fish with a trawl net or seine.
trawled:Fish with a trawl net or seine.
trawler:A fishing boat used for trawling.
trawling:The activity of fishing with a trawl net or seine.
trawls:Fish with a trawl net or seine.
tray:A flat, shallow container with a raised rim, typically used for carrying food and drink, or for holding small items.
trays:A flat, shallow container with a raised rim, typically used for carrying food and drink, or for holding small items or loose material.
treacherous:Guilty of or involving betrayal or deception.
treachery:Betrayal of trust; deceptive action or nature.
treacle:A thick, sticky dark syrup made from partly refined sugar; molasses.
tread:Walk in a specified way.
treading:Walk in a specified way.
treadmill:A device formerly used for driving machinery, consisting of a large wheel with steps fitted into its inner surface. It was turned by the weight of people or animals treading the steps.
treads:Walk in a specified way.
treason:The crime of betraying one's country, especially by attempting to kill the sovereign or overthrow the government.The action of betraying someone or something.The crime of murdering someone to whom the murderer owed allegiance, such as a master or husband.
treasonous:Involving or guilty of the crime of betraying one's country.
treasure:Keep carefully (a valuable or valued item)
treasured:Highly valued; prized.
treasurer:A person appointed to administer or manage the financial assets and liabilities of a society, company, local authority, or other body.
treasurers:A person appointed to administer or manage the financial assets and liabilities of a society, company, local authority, or other body.
treasures:Keep carefully (a valuable or valued item)
treasuries:The funds or revenue of a state, institution, or society.
treasuring:Keep carefully (a valuable or valued item)
treasury:The funds or revenue of a government, corporation, or institution.
treat:Behave toward or deal with in a certain way.
treatable:Able to be healed or cured, especially medically.
treated:Behave towards or deal with in a certain way.
treaties:A formally concluded and ratified agreement between states.
treating:Behave towards or deal with in a certain way.
treatise:A written work dealing formally and systematically with a subject.
treatment:The manner in which someone behaves toward or deals with someone or something.
treatments:The manner in which someone behaves towards or deals with someone or something.
treats:Behave towards or deal with in a certain way.
treaty:A formally concluded and ratified agreement between countries.
treble:Make or become three times as large or numerous.
tree:Force (a hunted animal) to take refuge in a tree.
treeless:(of an area) having no trees.
trees:Force (a hunted animal) to take refuge in a tree.
treetop:The uppermost part of a tree.
trefoil:A small European plant of the pea family, with yellow flowers and three-lobed clover-like leaves.
trek:A long arduous journey, especially one made on foot.
trekker:A person who makes a long arduous journey, especially on foot.
trekking:Go on a long arduous journey, typically on foot.
treks:Go on a long arduous journey, typically on foot.
trellis:Provide with or enclose in a trellis.
trellised:Provided with or supported by a trellis or light framework.
trellises:Provide with or enclose in a trellis.
tremble:(of a person or part of the body) shake involuntarily, typically as a result of anxiety, excitement, or frailty.
trembled:(of a person or part of the body) shake involuntarily, typically as a result of anxiety, excitement, or frailty.
trembler:A songbird related to the thrashers, found in the Lesser Antilles and named from its habit of violent shaking.
trembles:(of a person or part of the body) shake involuntarily, typically as a result of anxiety, excitement, or frailty.
trembling:The action or fact of shaking or quivering, typically as a result of anxiety, excitement, or frailty.
tremendous:Very great in amount, scale, or intensity.
tremendously:To a very great extent.
tremolo:A wavering effect in a musical tone, produced either by rapid reiteration of a note, by rapid repeated slight variation in the pitch of a note, or by sounding two notes of slightly different pitches to produce prominent overtones.
tremor:An involuntary quivering movement.
tremors:Undergo a tremor or tremors.
tremulous:Shaking or quivering slightly.
trench:Dig a trench or trenches in (the ground)
trenchant:Vigorous or incisive in expression or style.
trenches:Dig a trench or trenches in (the ground)
trend:A general direction in which something is developing or changing.
trendier:A person who is very fashionable or up to date.
trends:Change or develop in a general direction.
trendy:A person who is very fashionable or up to date.
trepidation:A feeling of fear or agitation about something that may happen.
trespass:Enter the owner's land or property without permission.
trespassed:Enter someone's land or property without permission.
trespasser:A person entering someone's land or property without permission.
trespasses:Enter someone's land or property without permission.
trespassing:Enter someone's land or property without permission.
tress:Arrange (a person's hair) into long locks.
tresses:Arrange (a person's hair) into long locks.
trestle:A framework consisting of a horizontal beam supported by two pairs of sloping legs, used in pairs to support a flat surface such as a tabletop.
trews:Trousers.
triad:A group or set of three connected people or things.
triadic:Relating to or comprising a set of three related people or things.
triads:A group or set of three related people or things.
triage:Conduct a preliminary assessment of (patients or casualties) in order to determine the urgency of their need for treatment and the nature of treatment required.
trial:Test (something, especially a new product) to assess its suitability or performance.
trials:Test (something, especially a new product) to assess its suitability or performance.
triangle:A plane figure with three straight sides and three angles.
triangles:A plane figure with three straight sides and three angles.
triangular:Shaped like a triangle; having three sides and three corners.
triangulate:Divide (an area) into triangles for surveying purposes.
triangulated:Divide (an area) into triangles for surveying purposes.
triangulating:Divide (an area) into triangles for surveying purposes.
triangulation:(in surveying) the tracing and measurement of a series or network of triangles in order to determine the distances and relative positions of points spread over a territory or region, especially by measuring the length of one side of each triangle and deducing its angles and the length of the other two sides by observation from this baseline.
triathlon:An athletic contest consisting of three different events, typically swimming, cycling, and long-distance running.
tribal:Members of tribal communities, especially in South Asia.
tribalism:The state or fact of being organized in a tribe or tribes.
tribe:A social division in a traditional society consisting of families or communities linked by social, economic, religious, or blood ties, with a common culture and dialect, typically having a recognized leader.
tribes:A social division in a traditional society consisting of families or communities linked by social, economic, religious, or blood ties, with a common culture and dialect, typically having a recognized leader.
tribesman:A man belonging to a tribe in a traditional society or group.
tribulation:A cause of great trouble or suffering.
tribulations:A cause of great trouble or suffering.
tribunal:A court of justice.
tribune:An official in ancient Rome chosen by the plebeians to protect their interests.A Roman legionary officer.A popular leader; a champion of the people.
tributaries:A river or stream flowing into a larger river or lake.
tributary:A river or stream flowing into a larger river or lake.
tribute:An act, statement, or gift that is intended to show gratitude, respect, or admiration.
tributes:An act, statement, or gift that is intended to show gratitude, respect, or admiration.
trick:Deceive or outwit (someone) by being cunning or skillful.
tricked:Cunningly deceive or outwit.
trickery:The practice of deception.
trickier:(of a task, problem, etc.) requiring care and skill because difficult or awkward.
trickle:(of a liquid) flow in a small stream.
trickling:(of a liquid) flow in a small stream.
tricks:Cunningly deceive or outwit.
trickster:A person who cheats or deceives people.
tricky:(of a task, problem, or situation) requiring care and skill because difficult or awkward.
tricolours:A flag with three bands or blocks of different colours, especially the French national flag with equal upright bands of blue, white, and red.
tricycle:A vehicle similar to a bicycle, but having three wheels, two at the back and one at the front.
tricycles:Ride on a tricycle.
trident:A three-pronged spear, especially as an attribute of Poseidon (Neptune) or Britannia.
tridents:A three-pronged spear, especially as an attribute of Poseidon (Neptune) or Britannia.
triennial:A visitation of an Anglican diocese by its bishop every three years.
trier:A person who always makes an effort, however unsuccessful they may be.
tries:Make an attempt or effort to do something.
triffid:(in science fiction) one of a race of predatory plants that are capable of growing to a gigantic size and are possessed of locomotor ability and a poisonous sting.
triffids:(in science fiction) a member of a race of predatory plants which are capable of growing to a gigantic size and are possessed of locomotive ability and a poisonous sting.
trifle:A thing of little value or importance.
trifled:Treat without seriousness or respect.
trifles:Treat without seriousness or respect.
trifling:Unimportant or trivial.
trigger:Cause (an event or situation) to happen or exist.
triggered:(of a mechanism) activated by a trigger.
triggering:(of an event, circumstance, etc.) causing a particular action, process, or situation to happen.
triggers:Cause (a device) to function.
triglyceride:An ester formed from glycerol and three fatty acid groups. Triglycerides are the main constituents of natural fats and oils, and high concentrations in the blood indicate an elevated risk of stroke.
trigonometry:The branch of mathematics dealing with the relations of the sides and angles of triangles and with the relevant functions of any angles.
trigram:another term for trigraph
trigrams:another term for trigraph
trigs:Trigonometry.
trikes:A tricycle.
trilateral:A triangle.
trilby:A soft felt hat with a narrow brim and indented crown.
trilingual:(of a person) speaking three languages fluently.
trill:A quavering or vibratory sound, especially a rapid alternation of sung or played notes.
trilled:Produce a quavering or warbling sound.
trilling:Produce a quavering or warbling sound.
trillion:A million million (1,000,000,000,000 or 10¹²).
trills:Produce a quavering or warbling sound.
trilobite:An extinct marine arthropod that occurred abundantly during the Paleozoic era, with a carapace over the forepart, and a segmented hind part divided longitudinally into three lobes.
trilobites:A fossil marine arthropod that occurred abundantly during the Palaeozoic era, with a carapace over the forepart, and a segmented hind part divided longitudinally into three lobes.
trilogies:A group of three related novels, plays, films, etc.
trilogy:A group of three related novels, plays, films, operas, or albums.
trim:Make (something) neat or of the required size or form by cutting away irregular or unwanted parts.
trimaran:A yacht with three hulls in parallel.
trimmed:Make (something) neat or of the required size or form by cutting away irregular or unwanted parts.
trimmer:An implement used for trimming off the unwanted or untidy parts of something.
trimmers:An implement used for cutting and neatening something.
trimming:Small pieces trimmed off something.
trimmings:Small pieces trimmed off something.
trims:Make (something) neat or of the required size or form by cutting away irregular or unwanted parts.
trinity:The Christian Godhead as one God in three persons: Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
trinket:A small ornament or item of jewelry that is of little value.
trinkets:A small ornament or item of jewellery that is of little value.
trio:A set or group of three people or things.
trip:Catch one's foot on something and stumble or fall.
tripartite:Shared by or involving three parties.
tripe:The first or second stomach of a cow or other ruminant used as food.
triplane:An early type of airplane with three pairs of wings, one above the other.
triple:A thing that is three times as large as usual or is made up of three standard units or items.
tripled:Become three times as much or as many.
triples:Become three times as much or as many.
triplet:One of three children or animals born at the same birth.
triplets:One of three children or animals born at the same birth.
triplex:(of electrical equipment or systems) be provided or fitted in triplicate so as to ensure reliability.
triplicate:Make three copies of (something); multiply by three.
tripling:Become three times as much or as many.
tripod:A three-legged stand for supporting a camera or other apparatus.
tripods:A three-legged stand for supporting a camera or other apparatus.
tripped:Catch one's foot on something and stumble or fall.
trippers:A person who goes on a pleasure trip or excursion.
tripping:Catch one's foot on something and stumble or fall.
trips:Catch one's foot on something and stumble or fall.
triptych:A picture or relief carving on three panels, typically hinged together side by side and used as an altarpiece.
tripwire:A wire stretched close to the ground, working a trap, explosion, or alarm when disturbed and serving to detect or prevent people or animals entering an area.
tripwires:A wire stretched close to the ground, working a trap, explosion, or alarm when disturbed and serving to detect or prevent people or animals entering an area.
trireme:An ancient Greek or Roman war galley with three banks of oars.
trisecting:Divide (something) into three parts, typically three equal parts.
tristan:(in medieval legend) a knight who was the lover of Iseult.
trite:(of a remark, opinion, or idea) overused and consequently of little import; lacking originality or freshness.
tritium:A radioactive isotope of hydrogen with a mass approximately three times that of the common protium isotope.
triumph:A great victory or achievement.
triumphal:Made, carried out, or used in celebration of a great victory or achievement.
triumphalism:Excessive exultation over one's success or achievements (used especially in a political context)
triumphant:Having won a battle or contest; victorious.
triumphantly:In a way that shows great happiness or joy at a victory or achievement.
triumphed:Achieve a victory; be successful.
triumphing:Achieve a victory; be successful.
triumphs:Achieve a victory; be successful.
triumvirate:(in ancient Rome) a group of three men holding power, in particular (the First Triumvirate) the unofficial coalition of Julius Caesar, Pompey, and Crassus in 60 BC and (the Second Triumvirate) a coalition formed by Antony, Lepidus, and Octavian in 43 BC.
trivia:Details, considerations, or pieces of information of little importance or value.
trivial:Of little value or importance.
trivialise:Make (something) seem less important, significant, or complex than it really is.
trivialised:Make (something) seem less important, significant, or complex than it really is.
trivialises:Make (something) seem less important, significant, or complex than it really is.
trivialising:Make (something) seem less important, significant, or complex than it really is.
trivialities:Lack of seriousness or importance; insignificance.
triviality:Lack of seriousness or importance; insignificance.
trod:Walk in a specified way.
trodden:Walk in a specified way.
troglodyte:(especially in prehistoric times) a person who lived in a cave.
troglodytes:(especially in prehistoric times) a person who lived in a cave.
troika:A Russian vehicle pulled by a team of three horses abreast.
troikas:A Russian vehicle pulled by a team of three horses abreast.
troll:(in folklore) an ugly creature depicted as either a giant or a dwarf.
trolley:short for trolley car or trolley bus
trolleys:Underpants or knickers.
trolling:(in folklore) an ugly creature depicted as either a giant or a dwarf.
trolls:(in folklore) an ugly creature depicted as either a giant or a dwarf.
trombone:A large brass wind instrument with straight tubing in three sections, ending in a bell over the player's left shoulder, different fundamental notes being made using a forward-pointing extendable slide.
trombones:A large brass wind instrument with straight tubing in three sections, ending in a bell over the player's left shoulder, different fundamental notes being made using a forward-pointing extendable slide.
trombonist:A person who plays the trombone.
trombonists:A person who plays the trombone.
troop:(of a group of people) come or go together or in large numbers.
trooped:(of a group of people) come or go together or in large numbers.
trooper:A state police officer.
troopers:A private soldier in a cavalry or armoured unit.
trooping:(of a group of people) come or go together or in large numbers.
troops:(of a group of people) come or go together or in large numbers.
troopship:A ship designed or used for transporting troops.
trope:A figurative or metaphorical use of a word or expression.
tropes:A figurative or metaphorical use of a word or expression.
trophies:A cup or other decorative object awarded as a prize for a victory or success.
trophy:A cup or other decorative object awarded as a prize for a victory or success.
tropic:The parallel of latitude 23°26ʹ north (tropic of Cancer) or south (tropic of Capricorn) of the equator.
tropical:Of, typical of, or peculiar to the tropics.
tropics:The parallel of latitude 23°26ʹ north (tropic of Cancer) or south (tropic of Capricorn) of the equator.
tropopause:The interface between the troposphere and the stratosphere.
troposphere:The lowest region of the atmosphere, extending from the earth's surface to a height of about 3.7–6.2 miles (6–10 km), which is the lower boundary of the stratosphere.
trot:(with reference to a horse or other four-legged animal) proceed or cause to proceed at a pace faster than a walk, lifting each diagonal pair of legs alternately.
trots:(with reference to a horse or other four-legged animal) proceed or cause to proceed at a pace faster than a walk, lifting each diagonal pair of legs alternately.
trotted:(with reference to a horse or other four-legged animal) proceed or cause to proceed at a pace faster than a walk, lifting each diagonal pair of legs alternately.
trotter:A horse bred or trained for the sport of harness racing.
trotters:A pig's foot used as food.
trotting:another term for harness racing
troubadour:A French medieval lyric poet composing and singing in Provençal in the 11th to 13th centuries, especially on the theme of courtly love.
troubadours:A French medieval lyric poet composing and singing in Provençal in the 11th to 13th centuries, especially on the theme of courtly love.
trouble:Cause distress or anxiety to.
troubled:Beset by problems or conflict.
troublemaker:A person who habitually causes difficulty or problems, especially by inciting others to defy those in authority.
troublemakers:A person who habitually causes difficulty or problems, especially by inciting others to defy those in authority.
troubles:Cause distress or anxiety to.
troubleshooting:Analyse and solve serious problems for a company or other organization.
troublesome:Causing difficulty or annoyance.
troubling:Causing distress or anxiety.
trough:A long, narrow open container for animals to eat or drink out of.
troughs:Eat greedily.
trounce:Defeat heavily in a contest.
trounced:Defeat heavily in a contest.
trounces:Defeat heavily in a contest.
trouncing:Defeat heavily in a contest.
troupe:A group of dancers, actors, or other entertainers who tour to different venues.
trouper:An actor or other entertainer, typically one with long experience.
troupers:An actor or other entertainer, typically one with long experience.
troupes:A group of dancers, actors, or other entertainers who tour to different venues.
trouser:Relating to trousers.
trousers:An outer garment covering the body from the waist to the ankles, with a separate part for each leg.
trout:A chiefly freshwater fish of the salmon family, found in both Eurasia and North America and highly valued as food and game.
trouts:A chiefly freshwater fish of the salmon family, found in both Eurasia and North America and highly valued for food and game.
trove:A store of valuable or delightful things.
trowel:Apply or spread with or as if with a trowel.
trowels:Apply or spread with or as if with a trowel.
troy:A system of weights used mainly for precious metals and gems, with a pound of 12 ounces or 5,760 grains.
truancy:The action of staying away from school without good reason; absenteeism.
truant:A student who stays away from school without leave or explanation.
truanting:A pupil who stays away from school without leave or explanation.
truants:A pupil who stays away from school without leave or explanation.
truce:An agreement between enemies or opponents to stop fighting or arguing for a certain time.
truces:An agreement between enemies or opponents to stop fighting or arguing for a certain time.
truck:Convey by truck.
trucks:Convey by truck.
truculent:Eager or quick to argue or fight; aggressively defiant.
trudge:Walk slowly and with heavy steps, typically because of exhaustion or harsh conditions.
trudged:Walk slowly and with heavy steps, typically because of exhaustion or harsh conditions.
trudges:Walk slowly and with heavy steps, typically because of exhaustion or harsh conditions.
trudging:Walk slowly and with heavy steps, typically because of exhaustion or harsh conditions.
true:Truly.
truer:Truly.
truest:Truly.
truffle:A strong-smelling underground fungus that resembles an irregular, rough-skinned potato, growing chiefly in broadleaved woodland on calcareous soils. It is considered a culinary delicacy and found, especially in France, with the aid of trained dogs or pigs.
truffles:A strong-smelling underground fungus that resembles an irregular, rough-skinned potato, growing chiefly in broadleaved woodland on calcareous soils. It is considered a culinary delicacy and found, especially in France, with the aid of trained dogs or pigs.
truism:A statement that is obviously true and says nothing new or interesting.
truisms:A statement that is obviously true and says nothing new or interesting.
truly:In a truthful way.
trump:(in bridge, whist, and similar card games) play a trump on (a card of another suit), having no cards of the suit led.
trumped:(in bridge, whist, and similar card games) play a trump on (a card of another suit)
trumpery:Attractive articles of little value or use.
trumpet:Play a trumpet.
trumpeted:Play a trumpet.
trumpeter:A person who plays a trumpet.
trumpeters:A person who plays a trumpet.
trumpeting:Playing a trumpet.
trumpets:Play a trumpet.
trumps:(in bridge, whist, and similar card games) play a trump on (a card of another suit)
truncate:Shorten the duration or extent of.
truncated:Shortened in duration or extent.
truncates:Shorten the duration or extent of.
truncating:Shorten the duration or extent of.
truncation:The action of truncating or cutting short something.
truncheon:A short, thick stick carried as a weapon by a police officer.
truncheons:A short, thick stick carried as a weapon by a police officer.
trundle:(with reference to a wheeled vehicle or its occupants) move or cause to move slowly and heavily, typically in a noisy or uneven way.
trundled:(with reference to a wheeled vehicle or its occupants) move or cause to move slowly and heavily.
trundles:(with reference to a wheeled vehicle or its occupants) move or cause to move slowly and heavily.
trundling:(with reference to a wheeled vehicle or its occupants) move or cause to move slowly and heavily.
trunk:The main woody stem of a tree as distinct from its branches and roots.
trunking:A system of shafts or conduits for cables or ventilation.
trunks:Men's shorts, worn especially for swimming or boxing.
trunnion:A pin or pivot forming one of a pair on which something is supported.
trunnions:A pin or pivot forming one of a pair on which something is supported.
truss:Tie up the wings and legs of (a chicken or other bird) before cooking.
trussed:(of a roof, bridge, or other structure) supported with a truss or trusses.
trusses:Tie up the wings and legs of (a chicken or other bird) before cooking.
trussing:Tie up the wings and legs of (a chicken or other bird) before cooking.
trust:Believe in the reliability, truth, ability, or strength of.
trusted:Regarded as reliable or truthful.
trustee:An individual person or member of a board given control or powers of administration of property in trust with a legal obligation to administer it solely for the purposes specified.
trustees:An individual person or member of a board given control or powers of administration of property in trust with a legal obligation to administer it solely for the purposes specified.
trustful:Having or marked by a total belief in the reliability, truth, ability, or strength of someone.
trusties:A prisoner who is given special privileges or responsibilities in return for good behaviour.
trusting:Showing or tending to have a belief in a person's honesty or sincerity; not suspicious.
trusts:Believe in the reliability, truth, or ability of.
trustworthiness:The ability to be relied on as honest or truthful.
trustworthy:Able to be relied on as honest or truthful.
trusty:A prisoner who is given special privileges or responsibilities in return for good behavior.
truth:The quality or state of being true.
truthful:(of a person or statement) telling or expressing the truth; honest.
truthfully:In a way that expresses the truth; honestly.
truthfulness:The fact of being true; truth.
try:Make an attempt or effort to do something.
trying:Difficult or annoying; hard to endure.
tsetse:An African bloodsucking fly which bites humans and other mammals, transmitting sleeping sickness and nagana.
tshirt:A short-sleeved casual top, generally made of cotton, having the shape of a T when spread out flat.
tsunami:A long high sea wave caused by an earthquake, submarine landslide, or other disturbance.
tswana:A member of a people living in Botswana, South Africa, and neighboring areas.
tswanas:A member of a southern African people living in Botswana, South Africa, and neighbouring areas.
tuareg:A member of a Berber people of the western and central Sahara, living mainly in Algeria, Mali, Niger, and western Libya, traditionally as nomadic pastoralists.
tuaregs:A member of a Berber people of the western and central Sahara, living mainly in Algeria, Mali, Niger, and western Libya, traditionally as nomadic pastoralists.
tuatara:A nocturnal burrowing lizard-like reptile with a crest of soft spines along its back, now confined to some small islands off New Zealand.
tub:Plant in a tub.
tuba:A large brass wind instrument of bass pitch, with three to six valves and a broad bell typically facing upward.
tubas:A large brass wind instrument of bass pitch, with three to six valves and a broad bell typically facing upwards.
tubby:(of a person) short and rather fat.
tube:Fit (a person or animal) with a tube to assist breathing, especially after a laryngotomy.
tubed:Fit (a person or animal) with a tube to assist breathing, especially after a laryngotomy.
tuber:A much thickened underground part of a stem or rhizome, e.g. in the potato, serving as a food reserve and bearing buds from which new plants arise.
tubercular:A person with tuberculosis.
tuberculosis:An infectious bacterial disease characterized by the growth of nodules (tubercles) in the tissues, especially the lungs.
tubers:A much thickened underground part of a stem or rhizome, e.g. in the potato, serving as a food reserve and bearing buds from which new plants arise.
tubes:Fit (a person or animal) with a tube to assist breathing, especially after a laryngotomy.
tubing:A length or lengths of metal, plastic, glass, etc., in tubular form.
tubs:Plant in a tub.
tubular:short for tubular tire
tubules:A minute tube, especially as an anatomical structure.
tuck:Push, fold, or turn (the edges or ends of something, especially a garment or bedclothes) so as to hide them or hold them in place.
tucked:Push, fold, or turn (the edges or ends of something, especially a garment or bedclothes) so as to hide or secure them.
tucker:Exhaust; wear out.
tuckers:Exhaust; wear out.
tucking:A series of stitched tucks in a garment.
tucks:Push, fold, or turn (the edges or ends of something, especially a garment or bedclothes) so as to hide or secure them.
tuesday:On Tuesday.
tuesdays:On Tuesday.
tuft:Provide (something) with a tuft or tufts.
tufted:Having or growing in a tuft or tufts.
tufting:Provide with a tuft or tufts.
tufts:Provide with a tuft or tufts.
tug:Pull (something) hard or suddenly.
tugged:Pull (something) hard or suddenly.
tugging:Pull (something) hard or suddenly.
tugs:Pull (something) hard or suddenly.
tuition:A sum of money charged for teaching or instruction by a school, college, or university.
tulip:A bulbous spring-flowering plant of the lily family, with boldly colored cup-shaped flowers.
tulips:A bulbous spring-flowering plant of the lily family, with boldly coloured cup-shaped flowers.
tumble:(typically of a person) fall suddenly, clumsily, or headlong.
tumbled:Having fallen or collapsed.
tumbledown:(of a building or other structure) falling or fallen into ruin; dilapidated.
tumbler:A drinking glass with straight sides and no handle or stem.
tumblers:A drinking glass with straight sides and no handle or stem.
tumbles:Fall suddenly, clumsily, or headlong.
tumbling:Fall suddenly, clumsily, or headlong.
tumbrils:An open cart that tilted backwards to empty out its load, in particular one used to convey condemned prisoners to the guillotine during the French Revolution.
tumescent:Swollen or becoming swollen, especially as a response to sexual arousal.
tummies:A person's stomach or abdomen.
tummy:A person's stomach or abdomen.
tumour:A swelling of a part of the body, generally without inflammation, caused by an abnormal growth of tissue, whether benign or malignant.
tumours:A swelling of a part of the body, generally without inflammation, caused by an abnormal growth of tissue, whether benign or malignant.
tumult:A loud, confused noise, especially one caused by a large mass of people.
tumults:A loud, confused noise, especially one caused by a large mass of people.
tumultuous:Making a loud, confused noise; uproarious.
tumulus:An ancient burial mound; a barrow.
tun:Store (wine or other alcoholic drinks) in a tun.
tuna:A large and active predatory schooling fish of the mackerel family. Found in warm seas, it is extensively fished commercially and is popular as a game fish.
tunable:(of a musical instrument) able to be adjusted to the correct or uniform pitch.
tunas:A large and active predatory schooling fish of warm seas, extensively fished commercially and popular as a game fish.
tundra:A vast, flat, treeless Arctic region of Europe, Asia, and North America in which the subsoil is permanently frozen.
tundras:A vast, flat, treeless Arctic region of Europe, Asia, and North America in which the subsoil is permanently frozen.
tune:Adjust (a musical instrument) to the correct or uniform pitch.
tuned:Adjust (a musical instrument) to the correct or uniform pitch.
tuneful:Having a pleasing tune; melodious.
tuneless:Not pleasing to listen to; not melodious.
tuner:A person who tunes musical instruments, especially pianos.
tuners:A person who tunes musical instruments, especially pianos.
tunes:Adjust (a musical instrument) to the correct or uniform pitch.
tungsten:The chemical element of atomic number 74, a hard steel-gray metal of the transition series. It has a very high melting point (3410°C) and is used to make electric light filaments.
tunic:A loose garment, typically sleeveless and reaching to the wearer's knees, as worn in ancient Greece and Rome.
tunics:A loose garment, typically sleeveless and reaching to the knees, as worn in ancient Greece and Rome.
tuning:The action or process of tuning something.
tunisia:A country in North Africa, on the Mediterranean Sea and extending south into the Sahara Desert; population 11,300,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Tunis; language, Arabic (official).
tunisian:A native or inhabitant of Tunisia, or a person of Tunisian descent.
tunnel:Dig or force a passage underground or through something.
tunnelled:Dig or force a passage underground or through something.
tunnelling:Dig or force a passage underground or through something.
tunnels:Dig or force a passage underground or through something.
tunny:A tuna, especially the bluefin.
tuns:Store (wine or other alcoholic drinks) in a tun.
tuppence:variant form of twopence
turban:A man's headdress, consisting of a long length of cotton or silk wound around a cap or the head, worn especially by Muslims and Sikhs.
turbans:A man's head covering consisting of a long length of material wound around a cap or the head, worn especially by Sikhs and Muslims.
turbid:(of a liquid) cloudy, opaque, or thick with suspended matter.
turbidity:The quality of being cloudy, opaque, or thick with suspended matter.
turbine:A machine for producing continuous power in which a wheel or rotor, typically fitted with vanes, is made to revolve by a fast-moving flow of water, steam, gas, air, or other fluid.
turbines:A machine for producing continuous power in which a wheel or rotor, typically fitted with vanes, is made to revolve by a fast-moving flow of water, steam, gas, air, or other fluid.
turbocharged:(of an engine or vehicle) equipped with a turbocharger.
turbocharger:A supercharger driven by a turbine powered by the engine's exhaust gases.
turboprop:A jet engine in which a turbine is used to drive a propeller.
turbot:A European flatfish of inshore waters, which has large bony tubercles on the body and is prized as food.
turbulence:Violent or unsteady movement of air or water, or of some other fluid.
turbulent:Characterized by conflict, disorder, or confusion; not controlled or calm.
tureen:A deep covered dish from which soup is served.
tureens:A deep covered dish from which soup is served.
turf:Force (someone) to leave somewhere.
turfed:Force (someone) to leave somewhere.
turfs:Force (someone) to leave somewhere.
turfy:Covered with or consisting of turf; grassy.
turgid:Swollen and distended or congested.
turin:A city in northwestern Italy on the Po River, capital of Piedmont region; population 908,825 (2008). It was the capital of the kingdom of Sardinia from 1720 and became the first capital of a unified Italy (1861–64).
turk:A native or inhabitant of Turkey, or a person of Turkish descent.
turkey:A large mainly domesticated game bird native to North America, having a bald head and (in the male) red wattles. It is prized as food, especially on festive occasions such as Thanksgiving and Christmas.
turkeys:A large mainly domesticated game bird native to North America, having a bald head and (in the male) red wattles. It is a popular food on festive occasions such as Christmas and (in the US) Thanksgiving.
turkish:The Turkic language that is the official language of Turkey.
turks:A native or inhabitant of Turkey, or a person of Turkish descent.
turmeric:A bright yellow aromatic powder obtained from the rhizome of a plant of the ginger family, used for flavoring and coloring in Asian cooking and formerly as a fabric dye.
turmoil:A state of great disturbance, confusion, or uncertainty.
turmoils:A state of great disturbance, confusion, or uncertainty.
turn:Move in a circular direction wholly or partly around an axis or point.
turnabout:A sudden and complete change or reversal of policy, opinion, or of a situation.
turnaround:An abrupt or unexpected change, especially one that results in a more favorable situation.
turncoat:A person who deserts one party or cause in order to join an opposing one.
turncoats:A person who deserts one party or cause in order to join an opposing one.
turned:(of an ankle) twisted or sprained.
turner:A person who is skilled in turning wood on a lathe.
turners:A person who is skilled in turning wood on a lathe.
turning:A place where a road branches off another.
turnings:A place where a road branches off from another.
turnip:A round root with white or cream flesh which is eaten as a vegetable and also has edible leaves.
turnips:A round root with white or cream flesh which is eaten as a vegetable and also has edible leaves.
turnkey:A jailer.
turnout:The number of people attending or taking part in an event, especially the number of people voting in an election.
turnouts:The number of people attending or taking part in an event, especially the number of people voting in an election.
turnover:The amount of money taken by a business in a particular period.
turnovers:The amount of money taken by a business in a particular period.
turnpike:An expressway, especially one on which a toll is charged.
turns:Move in a circular direction wholly or partly round an axis or point.
turnstile:A mechanical gate consisting of revolving horizontal arms fixed to a vertical post, allowing only one person at a time to pass through.
turnstiles:A mechanical gate consisting of revolving horizontal arms fixed to a vertical post, allowing only one person at a time to pass through.
turntable:A circular revolving plate supporting a record as it is played.
turntables:A circular revolving plate supporting a record as it is played.
turpentine:Apply turpentine to.
turpitude:Depravity; wickedness.
turquoise:A greenish-blue color.
turret:A small tower on top of a larger tower or at the corner of a building or wall, typically of a castle.
turrets:A small tower on top of a larger tower or at the corner of a building or wall, typically of a castle.
turtle:A slow-moving reptile, enclosed in a scaly or leathery domed shell into which it can retract its head and thick legs.
turtleneck:A high, close-fitting, turned-over collar on a garment, typically a shirt or sweater.
turtles:A large marine reptile with a bony or leathery shell and flippers, coming ashore annually on sandy beaches to lay eggs.The flesh of a sea turtle, especially the green turtle, used chiefly for soup.
tuscany:A region of west central Italy, on the Ligurian Sea; capital, Florence.
tusk:A long, pointed tooth, especially one specially developed so as to protrude from the closed mouth, as in the elephant, walrus, or wild boar.
tusker:An elephant or wild boar with well-developed tusks.
tusks:A long pointed tooth, especially one which protrudes from the closed mouth, as in the elephant, walrus, or wild boar.
tussle:A vigorous struggle or scuffle, typically in order to obtain or achieve something.
tussles:Engage in a vigorous struggle or scuffle.
tussling:Engage in a vigorous struggle or scuffle.
tussock:A small area of grass that is thicker or longer than the grass growing around it.
tussocks:A small area of grass that is thicker or longer than the grass growing around it.
tutelage:Protection of or authority over someone or something; guardianship.
tutelary:Serving as a protector, guardian, or patron.
tutor:Act as a tutor to (a single student or a very small group)
tutored:Act as a tutor to (a single pupil or a very small group)
tutorial:A period of instruction given by a university or college tutor to an individual or very small group.
tutorials:A period of tuition given by a university or college tutor to an individual or very small group.
tutoring:Act as a tutor to (a single pupil or a very small group)
tutors:Act as a tutor to (a single pupil or a very small group)
tutu:A female ballet dancer's costume consisting of a bodice and an attached skirt incorporating numerous layers of fabric, this being either short and stiff and projecting horizontally from the waist (the classical tutu) or long, soft, and bell-shaped (the romantic tutu).
tuxedo:A man's dinner jacket.
twang:Make or cause to make a twang.
twanged:Make or cause to make a twang.
twanging:Make or cause to make a twang.
twangs:Make or cause to make a twang.
tweak:Twist or pull (something) sharply.
tweaked:Twist or pull (something) sharply.
tweaking:Twist or pull (something) sharply.
tweaks:Twist or pull (something) sharply.
twee:Excessively or affectedly quaint, pretty, or sentimental.
tweed:A rough-surfaced woolen cloth, typically of mixed flecked colors, originally produced in Scotland.
tweedy:(of a garment) made of tweed cloth.
tweet:The chirp of a small or young bird.
tweeter:A loudspeaker designed to reproduce high frequencies.
tweets:Make a chirping noise.
tweezers:A small instrument like a pair of pincers for plucking out hairs and picking up small objects.
twelfth:Constituting number twelve in a sequence; 12th.
twelve:Equivalent to the product of three and four; two more than ten; 12.A group or unit of twelve people or things.Twelve years old.Twelve o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by twelve.The twelve Apostles.
twentieth:Constituting number twenty in a sequence; 20th.
twenty:The number equivalent to the product of two and ten; ten less than thirty; 20.The numbers from twenty to twenty-nine, especially the years of a century or of a person's life.Twenty years old.Twenty miles an hour.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by twenty.A twenty-dollar bill or twenty-pound note.
twice:Two times; on two occasions.
twiddle:Twist, move, or fiddle with (something), typically in a purposeless or nervous way.
twig:A slender woody shoot growing from a branch or stem of a tree or shrub.
twigs:A slender woody shoot growing from a branch or stem of a tree or shrub.
twilight:The soft glowing light from the sky when the sun is below the horizon, caused by the refraction and scattering of the sun's rays from the atmosphere.
twilit:Dimly illuminated by or as if by twilight.
twill:A fabric so woven as to have a surface of diagonal parallel ridges.
twin:Link; combine.
twine:Cause to wind or spiral round something.
twined:Wind or cause to wind round something.
twines:Wind or cause to wind round something.
twinge:A sudden, sharp localized pain.
twining:Wind or cause to wind round something.
twinkle:(of a star or light, or a shiny object) shine with a gleam that varies repeatedly between bright and faint.
twinkling:Shining with a gleam that changes from bright to faint.
twinned:(of a crystal) that is a composite consisting of two (or sometimes more) parts which are reversed in orientation with respect to each other (typically by reflection in a particular plane)
twinning:The bearing of twins.
twins:Link (a town or district) with another in a different country or cause (two towns or districts) to be linked, for the purposes of friendship and cultural exchange.
twirl:Spin quickly and lightly around, especially repeatedly.
twirled:Spin quickly and lightly round, especially repeatedly.
twirling:Spin quickly and lightly round, especially repeatedly.
twirls:Spin quickly and lightly round, especially repeatedly.
twist:Form into a bent, curling, or distorted shape.
twisted:Forced out of its natural or proper shape; crumpled.
twister:A tornado.
twisting:Form into a bent, curling, or distorted shape.
twists:Form into a bent, curling, or distorted shape.
twisty:Not arranged or moving in a straight line; winding.
twit:A silly or foolish person.
twitch:Give or cause to give a short, sudden jerking or convulsive movement.
twitched:Give or cause to give a short, sudden jerking or convulsive movement.
twitching:Give or cause to give a short, sudden jerking or convulsive movement.
twitchy:Nervous; anxious.
twitter:(of a bird) give a call consisting of repeated light tremulous sounds.
twittering:(of a bird) give a call consisting of repeated light tremulous sounds.
two:Equivalent to the sum of one and one; one less than three; 2.A group or unit of two people or things.Two years old.Two o'clock.A size of garment or other merchandise denoted by two.A playing card or domino with two pips.
twofold:So as to double; to twice the number or amount.
twosome:A pair of people considered together.
tycoon:A wealthy, powerful person in business or industry.
tycoons:A wealthy, powerful person in business or industry.
tyke:A small child.
type:Write (something) on a typewriter or computer by pressing the keys.
typecast:Assign (an actor or actress) repeatedly to the same type of role, as a result of the appropriateness of their appearance or previous success in such roles.
typed:Write (something) on a typewriter or computer by pressing the keys.
typeface:A particular design of type.
typefaces:A particular design of type.
types:Write (something) on a typewriter or computer by pressing the keys.
typescript:A typed copy of a text.
typescripts:A typed copy of a text.
typeset:Arrange the type or process the data for (text that is to be printed)
typesets:Arrange the type or process the data for (text that is to be printed)
typesetter:A person who typesets text.
typesetters:A person who typesets text.
typewriter:A machine with keys for producing alphabetical characters, numerals, and typographical symbols one at a time on paper inserted around a roller.
typewriters:A machine with keys for producing alphabetical characters, numerals, and typographical symbols one at a time on paper inserted round a roller.
typewritten:Produced by means of a typewriter or computer, as opposed to being written by hand.
typhoid:An infectious bacterial fever with an eruption of red spots on the chest and abdomen and severe intestinal irritation.
typhoon:A tropical storm in the region of the Indian or western Pacific oceans.
typhoons:A tropical storm in the region of the Indian or western Pacific oceans.
typhus:An infectious disease caused by rickettsiae, characterized by a purple rash, headaches, fever, and usually delirium, and historically a cause of high mortality during wars and famines. There are several forms, transmitted by vectors such as lice, ticks, mites, and rat fleas.
typical:Having the distinctive qualities of a particular type of person or thing.
typically:In most cases; usually.
typified:Be characteristic or a representative example of.
typifies:Be characteristic or a representative example of.
typify:Be characteristic or a representative example of.
typifying:Be characteristic or a representative example of.
typing:The action or skill of writing something by means of a typewriter or computer.
typist:A person who is skilled in using a typewriter or computer keyboard, especially one who is employed for this purpose.
typists:A person who is skilled in typing, especially one who is employed for this purpose.
typographical:Relating to the style, appearance, or production of printed matter.
typography:The style and appearance of printed matter.
typologies:A classification according to general type, especially in archaeology, psychology, or the social sciences.
typology:A classification according to general type, especially in archaeology, psychology, or the social sciences.
tyrannical:Exercising power in a cruel or arbitrary way.
tyrannicide:The killing of a tyrant.
tyrannies:Cruel and oppressive government or rule.
tyrannise:Rule or treat (someone) despotically or cruelly.
tyrannised:Rule or treat (someone) despotically or cruelly.
tyrannous:(of a government or ruler) exercising power in a cruel or arbitrary way.
tyranny:Cruel and oppressive government or rule.
tyrant:A cruel and oppressive ruler.
tyrants:A cruel and oppressive ruler.
tyres:Feel or cause to feel in need of rest or sleep.
udder:The mammary gland of female cattle, sheep, goats, horses, and related animals, having two or more teats and hanging between the hind legs of the animal.
udders:The mammary gland of female cattle, sheep, goats, horses, and related animals, having two or more teats and hanging between the hind legs of the animal.
ufo:A mysterious object seen in the sky for which, it is claimed, no orthodox scientific explanation can be found.
uganda:A landlocked country in East Africa; population 39,000,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Kampala; languages, English (official), Swahili, and other languages.
ugandan:A native or inhabitant of Uganda, or a person of Ugandan descent.
uglier:Unpleasant or repulsive, especially in appearance.
ugliest:Unpleasant or repulsive, especially in appearance.
ugliness:The quality of being unpleasant or repulsive in appearance.
ugly:Unpleasant or repulsive, especially in appearance.
uhuh:Used to express a negative response to a question or remark.
ukraine:A country in eastern Europe, north of the Black Sea; population 44,800,000 (estimated 2015); capital, Kiev; official language, Ukrainian.
ukulele:A small four-stringed guitar of Hawaiian origin.
ukuleles:A small four-stringed guitar of Hawaiian origin.
ulcer:An open sore on an external or internal surface of the body, caused by a break in the skin or mucous membrane that fails to heal.
ulcerate:Develop into or become affected by an ulcer.
ulcerated:Develop into or become affected by an ulcer.
ulceration:The formation of an ulcer or ulcers.
ulcerous:Having or constituting an ulcer.
ulcers:An open sore on an external or internal surface of the body, caused by a break in the skin or mucous membrane which fails to heal. Ulcers range from small, painful sores in the mouth to bedsores and serious lesions of the stomach or intestine.
ulster:A man's long, loose overcoat of rough cloth, typically with a belt at the back.
ulsters:A man's long, loose overcoat of rough cloth, typically with a belt at the back.
ulterior:Existing beyond what is obvious or admitted; intentionally hidden.
ultimate:The best achievable or imaginable of its kind.
ultimately:Finally; in the end.
ultimatum:A final demand or statement of terms, the rejection of which will result in retaliation or a breakdown in relations.
ultimatums:A final demand or statement of terms, the rejection of which will result in retaliation or a breakdown in relations.
ultimo:Of last month.
ultra:Very; extremely.
ultramarine:A brilliant deep blue pigment originally obtained from lapis lazuli.
ultramontane:A person advocating supreme papal authority.
ultrasonic:Of or involving sound waves with a frequency above the upper limit of human hearing.
ultrasonics:The science and application of ultrasonic waves.
ultrasound:Sound or other vibrations having an ultrasonic frequency, particularly as used in medical imaging.
ultraviolet:The ultraviolet part of the spectrum; ultraviolet radiation.
umbilical:Relating to or affecting the navel or umbilical cord.
umbilicus:The navel.
umbra:The fully shaded inner region of a shadow cast by an opaque object, especially the area on the earth or moon experiencing the total phase of an eclipse.
umbrae:The fully shaded inner region of a shadow cast by an opaque object, especially the area on the earth or moon experiencing the total phase of an eclipse.
umbrage:Offense or annoyance.
umbras:The fully shaded inner region of a shadow cast by an opaque object, especially the area on the earth or moon experiencing the total phase of an eclipse.
umbrella:A device consisting of a circular canopy of cloth on a folding metal frame supported by a central rod, used as protection against rain or sometimes sun.
umbrellas:A device consisting of a circular canopy of cloth on a folding metal frame supported by a central rod, used as protection against rain.
umlaut:Modify (a form or sound) by using an umlaut.
umlauts:Modify (a form or sound) by using an umlaut.
umpire:(in some sports) an official who watches a game or match closely to enforce the rules and arbitrate on matters arising from the play.
umpired:Act as an umpire in a game or match.
umpires:Act as an umpire in a game or match.
umpiring:Act as an umpire in a game or match.
umpteen:Indefinitely many; a lot of.
umpteenth:Used to emphasize that something has happened on many other occasions.
unabashed:Not embarrassed, disconcerted, or ashamed.
unabashedly:Without embarrassment or shame.
unabated:Without any reduction in intensity or strength.
unable:Lacking the skill, means, or opportunity to do something.
unabridged:(of a text) not cut or shortened; complete.
unabsorbed:Not taken in or soaked up; not absorbed.
unacceptable:Not satisfactory or allowable.
unacceptably:In a manner that is not satisfactory or allowable.
unaccommodating:Not in harmony with the wishes or demands of others; unhelpful.
unaccompanied:Having no companion or escort.
unaccountable:Unable to be explained.
unaccounted:Not included in (an account or calculation) through being lost or disregarded.
unaccustomed:Not familiar or usual; out of the ordinary.
unachievable:(of an aim or objective) too difficult to be achieved.
unacknowledged:Existing or having taken place but not accepted, recognized, or admitted to.
unacquainted:(of two or more people) not having met before; not knowing each other.
unadapted:Not adapted.
unaddressed:Not considered or dealt with.
unadjusted:(especially of figures or statistics) not adjusted or refined.
unadorned:Not adorned; plain.
unadulterated:Not mixed or diluted with any different or extra elements; complete and absolute.
unadventurous:Not offering, involving, or eager for new or stimulating things.
unadvertised:Existing or taking place without being made public.
unaesthetic:Not visually pleasing; unattractive.
unaffected:Feeling or showing no effects or changes.
unaffiliated:Not officially attached to or connected with an organization or group.
unaffordable:Too expensive to be afforded by the average person.
unafraid:Feeling no fear or anxiety.
unaided:Needing or having no assistance; without help.
unaligned:Not placed or arranged in a straight line, in parallel, or in correct relative positions.
unalike:(of two or more things) differing from each other; not similar.
unallocated:(of resources or duties) not yet allocated.
unalloyed:(of metal) not alloyed; pure.
unalterable:Not able to be changed.
unaltered:Remaining the same; unchanged.
unambiguous:Not open to more than one interpretation.
unambiguously:In a manner that is not open to more than one interpretation.
unambitious:Not motivated or driven by a strong desire or determination to succeed.
unamended:Not amended.
unamused:Not responding in a positive way to something intended to be amusing; feeling somewhat annoyed or disapproving.
unanimity:Agreement by all people involved; consensus.
unanimous:(of two or more people) fully in agreement.
unanimously:Without opposition; with the agreement of all people involved.
unannounced:Not made known; not publicized.
unanswerable:Unable to be answered.
unanswered:Not answered or responded to.
unanticipated:Not expected or predicted.
unapologetic:Not acknowledging or expressing regret.
unappealing:Not inviting or attractive.
unappeased:Not pacified, placated, or satisfied.
unappetising:Not inviting or attractive; unwholesome.
unappreciated:Not fully understood, recognized, or valued.
unappreciative:Not fully understanding, recognizing, or valuing something.
unapproachable:(of a person or institution) not welcoming or friendly.
unapproved:Not officially accepted or sanctioned.
unapt:Not appropriate or suitable in the circumstances.
unarguable:Not open to disagreement; indisputable.
unarm:Deprive or free (someone) of arms or armour.
unarmed:Not equipped with or carrying weapons.
unarms:Deprive or free (someone) of arms or armour.
unarticulated:Not mentioned or coherently expressed.
unary:(especially of a mathematical operation) consisting of or involving a single component or element.
unashamed:Expressed or acting openly and without guilt or embarrassment.
unashamedly:Openly and without guilt or embarrassment.
unasked:(of a question) not asked.
unassailable:Unable to be attacked, questioned, or defeated.
unassertive:(of a person) not having or showing a confident and forceful personality.
unassigned:Not allocated or set aside for a specific purpose.
unassisted:Not helped by anyone or anything.
unassociated:Not connected or associated.
unassuaged:Not soothed or relieved.
unassuming:Not pretentious or arrogant; modest.
unattached:Not working for or belonging to a particular body or organization.
unattainable:Not able to be reached or achieved.
unattended:Not noticed or dealt with.
unattractive:Not pleasing or appealing to look at.
unattributed:(of a quotation, story, or work of art) not ascribed to any source; of unknown or unpublished provenance.
unaudited:(of financial accounts) not having been officially examined.
unauthenticated:Not proven or validated.
unauthorised:Not having official permission or approval.
unavailability:The state of being unable to be used or obtained.
unavailable:Not able to be used or obtained; not at someone's disposal.
unavailing:Achieving little or nothing; ineffective.
unavenged:(of a person, injury, or wrong) not avenged.
unavoidable:Not able to be avoided, prevented, or ignored; inevitable.
unavoidably:In a way that cannot be avoided, prevented, or ignored.
unawakened:Not aware of or roused to particular sensations or feelings.
unaware:Having no knowledge of a situation or fact.
unawares:Without being aware of a situation.
unawed:Not filled with awe.
unbalance:Make (someone or something) unsteady so that they tip or fall.
unbalanced:Not keeping or showing an even balance; not evenly distributed.
unbalances:Make (someone or something) unsteady so that they tip or fall.
unbalancing:Make (someone or something) unsteady so that they tip or fall.
unbanned:Remove a ban on (a person, group, or activity)
unbanning:Remove a ban on (a person, group, or activity)
unbaptised:Not having been baptized.
unbar:Remove the bars from (a gate or door); unlock.
unbarred:Remove the bars from (a gate or door); unlock.
unbars:Remove the bars from (a gate or door); unlock.
unbearable:Not able to be endured or tolerated.
unbearably:In a way that is impossible or extremely hard to endure.
unbeatable:Not able to be defeated or exceeded in a contest or commercial market.
unbeaten:Not defeated or surpassed.
unbecoming:(especially of clothing or a color) not flattering.
unbeknown:Without the knowledge of (someone)
unbeknownst:Without the knowledge of (someone)
unbelievable:Not able to be believed; unlikely to be true.
unbelievably:To a great degree; extremely.
unbeliever:Someone who has no religious beliefs, or who does not follow a particular religion.
unbelievers:Someone who has no religious beliefs, or who does not follow a particular religion.
unbelieving:Not believing someone or something; incredulous.
unbend:Make or become straight from a bent or twisted form or position.
unbending:Strict and austere in one's behavior or attitudes.
unbent:Make or become straight from a bent or twisted form or position.
unbiased:Showing no prejudice for or against something; impartial.
unbiassed:Showing no prejudice for or against something; impartial.
unbidden:Without having been commanded or invited.
unbind:Release from bonds or restraints.
unbleached:(especially of paper or cloth) not made whiter or lighter by a chemical process.
unblemished:Not damaged or marked in any way; perfect.
unblinking:(of a person or their gaze or eyes) not blinking.
unblock:Remove an obstruction from (something, especially a pipe or drain)
unblocked:Remove an obstruction from (something, especially a pipe or drain)
unblocking:Remove an obstruction from (something, especially a pipe or drain)
unboiled:(of liquid) not having been heated to reach the boiling point.
unbolt:Open (a door or window) by drawing back a bolt.
unbolted:(of a door or window) not bolted.
unbooked:(of a ticket, accommodation, etc.) not yet booked.
unborn:(of a baby) not yet born.
unbosom:Disclose (one's thoughts or secrets)
unbothered:Showing or feeling a lack of concern about or interest in something.
unbound:Not bound or tied up.
unbounded:Having or appearing to have no limits.
unbowed:Not having submitted to pressure or demands.
unbraced:Remove a support from.
unbranded:(of a product) not bearing a brand name.
unbreakable:Not liable to break to be break easily.
unbridgeable:(of a gap or difference) not able to be bridged or made less significant.
unbridled:Uncontrolled; unconstrained.
unbroken:Not broken, fractured, or damaged.
unbruised:Not bruised.
unbuckle:Unfasten the buckle of (something, especially a belt).
unbuckled:Unfasten the buckle of (something, especially a belt or shoe).
unbuckling:Unfasten the buckle of (something, especially a belt or shoe).
unbundled:Market or charge for (items or services) separately rather than as part of a package.
unburden:Relieve (someone) of a burden.
unburdened:Not burdened or encumbered.
unburdening:Relieve (someone) of a burden.
unburied:(especially of a dead body) not buried.
unburned:Not damaged or destroyed by fire.
unburnt:Not damaged or destroyed by fire.
unbutton:Unfasten the buttons of (a garment).
unbuttoned:Unfasten the buttons of (a garment)
unbuttoning:Unfasten the buttons of (a garment)
uncalled:Not summoned or invited.
uncannily:In a strange or mysterious way, especially one that is unsettling.
uncanny:Strange or mysterious, especially in an unsettling way.
uncapped:(of a player) never having been chosen as a member of a particular sports team, especially a national one.
uncared:Not looked after properly.
uncaring:Not displaying sympathy or concern for others.
uncased:Remove from a cover or case.
uncatalogued:(of a book, document, etc.) not yet catalogued.
uncaught:Not caught.
unceasing:Not coming to an end; continuous.
uncelebrated:Not publicly acclaimed.
uncensored:Not censored.
unceremoniously:With a lack of courtesy; roughly or abruptly.
uncertain:Not able to be relied on; not known or definite.
uncertainly:With a lack of confidence or certainty.
uncertainty:The state of being uncertain.
unchain:Remove the chains fastening or securing (someone or something)
unchained:Remove the chains fastening or securing (someone or something)
unchaining:Remove the chains fastening or securing (someone or something)
unchallengeable:Not able to be disputed, opposed, or defeated.
unchallenged:Not disputed or questioned.
unchangeable:Not liable to variation or able to be altered.
unchanged:Not changed; unaltered.
unchanging:Not changing; remaining the same.
unchaperoned:Unaccompanied or unsupervised.
uncharacteristic:Not typical of a particular person or thing.
uncharacteristically:In a way that is not typical of a particular person or thing.
uncharged:Not accused of an offense under the law.
uncharismatic:Lacking the charm and attractiveness that can inspire enthusiasm in others.
uncharitable:(of a person's behavior or attitude toward others) unkind; unsympathetic.
uncharted:(of an area of land or sea) not mapped or surveyed.
unchartered:(of an area of land or sea) not mapped or surveyed.
unchecked:(especially of something undesirable) not controlled or restrained.
unchristian:Not professing Christianity or its teachings.
uncircumcised:(of a boy or man) not circumcised.
uncivil:Discourteous; impolite.
uncivilised:(of a place or people) not socially, culturally, or morally advanced.
unclad:Unclothed; naked.
unclaimed:Not demanded or requested as being something one has a right to.
unclasped:Unfasten (something fastened with a clasp or similar device)
unclasping:Unfasten (something fastened with a clasp or similar device)
unclassifiable:Not able to be assigned to a particular class or category.
unclassified:Not arranged in or assigned to classes or categories.
uncle:The brother of one's father or mother or the husband of one's aunt.
unclean:Dirty.
uncleanliness:The state of being dirty.
unclear:Not easy to see, hear, or understand.
uncleared:(of a check) not having passed through a clearinghouse and been paid into the payee's account.
unclench:Release (a clenched part of the body)
unclenched:Release (a clenched part of the body)
unclenching:Release (a clenched part of the body)
uncles:The brother of one's father or mother or the husband of one's aunt.
unclimbed:(of a mountain or rock face) not previously climbed.
unclog:Remove accumulated matter from.
unclosed:Not closed.
unclothed:Not wearing clothes; naked.
unclouded:(of the sky) not dark or overcast.
uncluttered:Not having or impeded by too many objects, details, or elements.
uncoil:Straighten or cause to straighten from a coiled or curled position.
uncoiled:Straighten or cause to straighten from a coiled or curled position.
uncoiling:Straighten or cause to straighten from a coiled or curled position.
uncoils:Straighten or cause to straighten from a coiled or curled position.
uncollected:Not collected or claimed.
uncombed:(of a person's hair) not combed.
uncomely:Not attractive (typically used of a woman)
uncomfortable:Causing or feeling slight pain or physical discomfort.
uncomfortably:In a way that causes discomfort or unease.
uncommitted:Not committed to a cause, activity, etc.
uncommon:Remarkably.
uncommonly:Exceptionally; very.
uncommunicative:(of a person) unwilling to talk or impart information.
uncompetitive:(with reference to business or commerce) not competitive.
uncomplaining:Not complaining; resigned.
uncompleted:Not completed.
uncomplicated:Simple or straightforward.
uncomplimentary:Not complimentary; negative or insulting.
uncomprehending:Showing or having an inability to comprehend something.
uncompressed:(of data) not compressed.
uncompromising:Showing an unwillingness to make concessions to others, especially by changing one's ways or opinions.
unconcern:A lack of worry or interest, especially when surprising or callous.
unconcerned:Showing a lack of worry or interest, especially when this is surprising or callous.
unconditional:Not subject to any conditions.
unconditionally:Without conditions or limits.
unconditioned:Not subject to conditions or to an antecedent condition; unconditional.
unconfined:Not confined to a limited space.
unconfirmed:Not confirmed as to truth or validity.
uncongenial:(of a person) not friendly or pleasant to be with.
unconnected:Not joined together or to something else.
unconquerable:(especially of a place, people, or emotion) not conquerable.
unconquered:Not conquered.
unconscionable:Not right or reasonable.
unconscious:The part of the mind which is inaccessible to the conscious mind but which affects behavior and emotions.
unconsciously:Without realizing or being aware of one's actions.
unconsciousness:The state of being unconscious.
unconsecrated:Not consecrated.
unconsidered:Disregarded and unappreciated.
unconstitutional:Not in accordance with a political constitution, especially the US Constitution, or with procedural rules.
unconstrained:Not restricted or limited.
unconsumed:(especially of food or fuel) not consumed.
uncontainable:(especially of an emotion) very strong.
uncontaminated:Not contaminated.
uncontentious:Not causing or likely to cause an argument.
uncontested:Not contested.
uncontrollable:Not controllable.
uncontrollably:In a way that cannot be controlled or restrained.
uncontrolled:Not controlled.
uncontroversial:Not controversial.
unconventional:Not based on or conforming to what is generally done or believed.
unconverted:(of a building) not adapted to a different use.
unconvinced:Not certain that something is true or can be relied on or trusted.
unconvincing:Failing to make someone believe that something is true or valid.
uncooked:Not cooked; raw.
uncooperative:Unwilling to help others or do what they ask.
uncoordinated:Badly organized.
uncorked:Pull the cork out of (a bottle or other container)
uncorrected:Not corrected.
uncorrelated:Not correlated; lacking a mutual relationship or connection.
uncorroborated:Not confirmed or supported by other evidence or information.
uncorrupted:Not corrupted.
uncountable:Too many to be counted (usually in hyperbolic use)
uncounted:Not counted.
uncouple:Disconnect (something, especially a railroad vehicle that has been coupled to another)
uncoupled:Disconnect (something, especially a railway vehicle that has been coupled to another)
uncouth:(of a person or their appearance or behavior) lacking good manners, refinement, or grace.
uncover:Remove a cover or covering from.
uncovered:Not covered.
uncovering:Remove a cover or covering from.
uncovers:Remove a cover or covering from.
uncreased:Not creased.
uncreated:(especially of a divine being) existing without having been created.
uncreative:Not having or involving imagination or original ideas.
uncredited:(of a person or their work) not publicly acknowledged as being part of something, especially a publication or broadcast.
uncritical:Not expressing criticism or using one's critical faculties.
uncritically:With a lack of criticism or consideration of whether something is right or wrong.
uncross:Move (something) back from a crossed position.
uncrossed:(of a person's legs or arms) not folded across each other.
uncrowded:Not filled with a large number of people.
uncrowned:Not formally crowned as a monarch.
uncrushable:(of a fabric) resistant to creasing.
unction:The action of anointing someone with oil or ointment as a religious rite or as a symbol of investiture as a monarch.
unctuous:(of a person) excessively or ingratiatingly flattering; oily.
uncultivated:(of land) not used for growing crops.
uncultured:Not characterized by good taste, manners, or education.
uncured:(of a person) not restored to health.
uncurled:Straighten or cause to straighten from a curled position.
uncut:Not cut.
undamaged:Not harmed or damaged.
undated:Not provided or marked with a date.
undaunted:Not intimidated or discouraged by difficulty, danger, or disappointment.
undead:(of a fictional being, especially a vampire) technically dead but still animate.
undeceived:Tell (someone) that an idea or belief is mistaken.
undecidable:Not able to be firmly established or refuted.
undecided:A person who has not decided how they are going to vote in an election.
undeclared:Not publicly announced, admitted, or acknowledged.
undecorated:Not adorned or decorated.
undefeated:Not defeated, especially in a battle or other contest.
undefended:Not defended.
undefiled:Not defiled; pure.
undefined:Not clear or defined.
undelivered:Not delivered.
undemanding:(especially of a task or person) not demanding.
undemocratic:Not relating or according to democratic principles.
undemonstrative:(of a person) not tending to express feelings, especially of affection, openly.
undeniable:Unable to be denied or disputed.
undeniably:Used to emphasize that something cannot be denied or disputed.
under:Extending or directly below.
underachievement:The fact of doing less well than expected, especially in schoolwork.
underachieving:Do less well than expected, especially in schoolwork.
underarm:(with reference to a throw or stroke in sports) with the arm or hand below shoulder level; underhand.
underbelly:The soft underside or abdomen of an animal.
underbody:The underside of a road vehicle, ship, or animal's body.
undercarriage:A wheeled structure beneath an aircraft, typically retracted when not in use, that receives the impact on landing and supports the aircraft on the ground.
underclass:The lowest social stratum in a country or community, consisting of the poor and unemployed.
underclothes:Clothes worn under others, typically next to the skin.
underclothing:Clothing worn under other clothes, typically next to the skin.
undercoat:Apply a coat of undercoat to (something)
undercoating:Apply an undercoat of paint to.
undercooked:Cook (something) insufficiently or less than is customary.
undercover:As an undercover agent.
undercroft:The crypt of a church.
undercurrent:An underlying feeling or influence, especially one that is contrary to the prevailing atmosphere and is not expressed openly.
undercurrents:An underlying feeling or influence, especially one that is contrary to the prevailing atmosphere and is not expressed openly.
undercut:Offer goods or services at a lower price than (a competitor)
undercuts:Offer goods or services at a lower price than (a competitor)
undercutting:Offer goods or services at a lower price than (a competitor)
underdeveloped:Not fully developed.
underdevelopment:Incomplete or insufficient development.
underdog:A competitor thought to have little chance of winning a fight or contest.
underdogs:A competitor thought to have little chance of winning a fight or contest.
underdone:(of food) insufficiently cooked.
undereducated:Inadequately educated.
underemployment:Lack of paid work or work that makes full use of skills and abilities.
underestimate:Estimate (something) to be smaller or less important than it actually is.
underestimated:Estimate (something) to be smaller or less important than it really is.
underestimates:Estimate (something) to be smaller or less important than it really is.
underestimating:Estimate (something) to be smaller or less important than it really is.
underestimation:A judgment or rough calculation that is unfavorable or too low.
underfed:Insufficiently fed or nourished.
underfloor:Situated or operating beneath the floor.
underflow:An undercurrent.
underfoot:Under one's feet; on the ground.
underframe:The supporting frame or substructure of something, in particular a vehicle or piece of furniture.
underfund:Provide with insufficient funding.
underfunded:Provide with insufficient funding.
underfunding:Insufficient provision of money for a particular purpose, especially by an organization or government.
undergarment:An article of underclothing.
undergarments:An article of underclothing.
undergo:Experience or be subjected to (something, typically something unpleasant, painful, or arduous)
undergoes:Experience or be subjected to (something, typically something unpleasant or arduous)
undergoing:Experience or be subjected to (something, typically something unpleasant or arduous)
undergone:Experience or be subjected to (something, typically something unpleasant or arduous)
undergraduate:A student at a college or university who has not yet earned a bachelor's or equivalent degree.
undergraduates:A university student who has not yet taken a first degree.
underground:Beneath the surface of the ground.
undergrounds:Lay (cables) below ground level.
undergrowth:A dense growth of shrubs and other plants, especially under trees in woodland.
underhand:(of a throw or stroke in sports) made with the arm or hand below shoulder level.
underlain:Be a significant cause or basis of (something) even if not necessarily manifest or obvious.
underlay:Place something under (something else), especially to support or raise it.
underlie:Be a significant cause or basis of (something) even if not necessarily manifest or obvious.
underlies:Be a significant cause or basis of (something) even if not necessarily manifest or obvious.
underline:Draw a line under (a word or phrase) to give emphasis or indicate special type.
underlined:Draw a line under (a word or phrase) to give emphasis or indicate special type.
underlines:Draw a line under (a word or phrase) to give emphasis or indicate special type.
underling:A person lower in status or rank.
underlings:A person lower in status or rank.
underlining:Draw a line under (a word or phrase) to give emphasis or indicate special type.
underlying:Significant as a cause or basis of something but not necessarily manifest or obvious.
undermanned:Fail to provide with enough workers or crew.
undermine:Erode the base or foundation of (a rock formation)
undermined:Erode the base or foundation of (a rock formation)
undermines:Erode the base or foundation of (a rock formation)
undermining:The action or process of lessening the effectiveness, power, or ability of someone or something, especially gradually or insidiously.
underneath:Situated directly below (something else)
undernourished:Having insufficient food or other substances for good health and condition.
undernourishment:Lack of sufficient food or other substances for good health and condition.
underpaid:Pay too little to (someone)
underpants:An undergarment covering the lower part of the torso and having two holes for the legs.
underparts:A lower part of something.
underpass:A road or pedestrian tunnel passing under another road or a railroad.
underpay:Pay too little to (someone)
underpaying:Pay too little to (someone)
underperformed:Perform less well than expected.
underpin:Support (a building or other structure) from below by laying a solid foundation below ground level or by substituting stronger for weaker materials.
underpinned:Support (a building or other structure) from below by laying a solid foundation below ground level or by substituting stronger for weaker materials.
underpinning:A solid foundation laid below ground level to support or strengthen a building.
underpinnings:A solid foundation laid below ground level to support or strengthen a building.
underpins:Support (a building or other structure) from below by laying a solid foundation below ground level or by substituting stronger for weaker materials.
underplay:Perform (something) in a restrained way.
underplayed:Perform (something) in a restrained way.
underplays:Perform (something) in a restrained way.
underpopulated:Having an insufficient or very small population.
underpowered:Lacking sufficient mechanical, electrical, or other power.
underpriced:Sell or offer at too low a price.
underpricing:Sell or offer at too low a price.
underprivileged:(of a person) not enjoying the same standard of living or rights as the majority of people in a society.
underrate:Underestimate the extent, value, or importance of (someone or something)
underrated:Not rated or valued highly enough.
underscored:Underline (something).
undersea:Below the sea or the surface of the sea.
underside:The bottom or lower side or surface of something.
undersides:The bottom or lower side or surface of something.
undersigned:Whose signature is appended.
undersized:Of less than the usual size.
underskirt:A skirt worn under another; a petticoat.
understaffed:(of an organization, department, etc.) having too few staff members to operate effectively.
understand:Perceive the intended meaning of (words, a language, or a speaker)
understandable:Able to be understood.
understandably:As is reasonable or expected.
understanding:The ability to understand something; comprehension.
understandings:The ability to understand something; comprehension.
understands:Perceive the intended meaning of (words, a language, or a speaker)
understate:Describe or represent (something) as being smaller, worse, or less important than it actually is.
understated:Presented or expressed in a subtle and effective way.
understatement:The presentation of something as being smaller, worse, or less important than it actually is.
understates:Describe or represent (something) as being smaller or less good or important than it really is.
understating:Describe or represent (something) as being smaller or less good or important than it really is.
understocked:Having insufficient stock of goods, farm animals, etc.
understood:Perceive the intended meaning of (words, a language, or a speaker)
understorey:A layer of vegetation beneath the main canopy of a forest.
understudy:Learn (a role) or the role played by (an actor)
undertake:Commit oneself to and begin (an enterprise or responsibility); take on.
undertaken:Commit oneself to and begin (an enterprise or responsibility); take on.
undertaker:A person whose business is preparing dead bodies for burial or cremation and making arrangements for funerals.
undertakers:A person whose business is preparing dead bodies for burial or cremation and making arrangements for funerals.
undertakes:Commit oneself to and begin (an enterprise or responsibility); take on.
undertaking:A formal pledge or promise to do something.
undertakings:A formal pledge or promise to do something.
undertone:A subdued or muted tone of sound or color.
undertones:A subdued or muted tone of sound or colour.
undertook:Commit oneself to and begin (an enterprise or responsibility); take on.
underutilised:Underuse (something).
undervalued:Not valued or appreciated highly enough.
undervalues:Rate (something) insufficiently highly; fail to appreciate.
undervaluing:Rate (something) insufficiently highly; fail to appreciate.
underwater:Beneath the surface of water.
underwear:Clothing worn under other clothes, typically next to the skin.
underweight:Apply too little weight to.
underwent:Experience or be subjected to (something, typically something unpleasant or arduous)
underwood:Small trees and shrubs growing beneath taller timber trees.
underworld:The world of criminals or of organized crime.
underwrite:Sign and accept liability under (an insurance policy), thus guaranteeing payment in case loss or damage occurs.
underwriter:A person or company that underwrites an insurance risk.
underwriters:A person or company that underwrites an insurance risk.
underwrites:Sign and accept liability under (an insurance policy), thus guaranteeing payment in case loss or damage occurs.
underwriting:Sign and accept liability under (an insurance policy), thus guaranteeing payment in case loss or damage occurs.
underwritten:Sign and accept liability under (an insurance policy), thus guaranteeing payment in case loss or damage occurs.
underwrote:Sign and accept liability under (an insurance policy), thus guaranteeing payment in case loss or damage occurs.
undeserved:Not warranted, merited, or earned.
undeserving:Not deserving or worthy of something positive, especially help or praise.
undesirable:A person considered to be objectionable in some way.
undesirables:A person considered to be objectionable in some way.
undesired:(especially of an act or consequence) not wanted or desired.
undetectable:Not able to be detected.
undetected:Not detected or discovered.
undetermined:Not authoritatively decided or settled.
undeterred:Persevering with something despite setbacks.
undetonated:(of a bomb or other explosive weapon) not having been detonated.
undeveloped:Not having been developed.
undiagnosed:Not diagnosed or having been subject to diagnosis.
undid:Unfasten, untie, or loosen (something)
undifferentiated:Not different or differentiated.
undigested:(of food) not digested.
undignified:Appearing foolish and unseemly; lacking in dignity.
undiluted:(of a liquid) not diluted.
undiminished:Not diminished, reduced, or lessened.
undiplomatic:Being or appearing insensitive and tactless.
undirected:Lacking direction; without a particular aim, purpose, or target.
undiscerning:Lacking judgment, insight, or taste.
undisciplined:Lacking in discipline; uncontrolled in behavior or manner.
undisclosed:Not revealed or made known publicly.
undiscovered:Not discovered.
undiscriminating:Not having or showing good judgment or taste.
undisguised:(of a feeling) not disguised or concealed; open.
undismayed:Not dismayed or discouraged by a setback.
undisputed:Not disputed or called in question; accepted.
undistinguished:Lacking distinction; unexceptional.
undistorted:Not distorted.
undistributed:Not distributed.
undisturbed:Not disturbed.
undivided:Not divided, separated, or broken into parts.
undo:Unfasten, untie, or loosen (something)
undocumented:Not recorded in or proved by documents.
undoing:A person's ruin or downfall.
undomesticated:Not domesticated.
undone:Not tied or fastened.
undoubted:Not questioned or doubted by anyone.
undoubtedly:Without doubt; certainly.
undress:Take off one's clothes.
undressed:Wearing no clothes.
undressing:Take off one's clothes.
undrinkable:Not fit to be drunk because of impurity or poor quality.
undue:Unwarranted or inappropriate because excessive or disproportionate.
undulate:Move or go with a smooth up-and-down motion.
undulated:Move or go with a smooth up-and-down motion.
undulates:Move or go with a smooth up-and-down motion.
undulating:Having a smoothly rising and falling form or outline.
undulation:The action of moving smoothly up and down.
undulations:The action of moving smoothly up and down.
unduly:To an unwarranted degree; inordinately.
undying:(especially of an emotion) lasting forever.
unearned:Not earned or deserved.
unearth:Find (something) in the ground by digging.
unearthed:Find (something) in the ground by digging.
unearthing:Find (something) in the ground by digging.
unearthly:Unnatural or mysterious, especially in a disturbing way.
unearths:Find (something) in the ground by digging.
unease:Anxiety or discontent.
uneasier:Causing or feeling anxiety; troubled or uncomfortable.
uneasiest:Causing or feeling anxiety; troubled or uncomfortable.
uneasily:In a way that shows anxiety or discomfort.
uneasiness:A feeling of anxiety or discomfort.
uneasy:Causing or feeling anxiety; troubled or uncomfortable.
uneatable:Not fit to be eaten.
uneaten:Not eaten.
uneconomic:Unprofitable.
uneconomical:Wasteful of money or other resources; not economical.
unedifying:(especially of an event taking place in public) distasteful; unpleasant.
unedited:(of material for publication or broadcasting) not edited.
uneducated:Lacking an education; poorly educated.
unelectable:(of a candidate or party) unable to be elected.
unelected:(of an official) not elected.
unemotional:Not having or showing strong feelings.
unemployable:An unemployable person.
unemployed:(of a person) without a paid job but available to work.
unemployment:The state of being unemployed.
unencrypted:(of information or data) not converted into a code that would prevent unauthorized access.
unencumbered:Not having any burden or impediment.
unending:Having or seeming to have no end.
unendurable:Not able to be tolerated or endured.
unenforceable:(especially of an obligation or law) impossible to enforce.
unengaged:Not occupied or engaged.
unenlightened:Not having or showing an enlightened outlook.
unenlightening:Not providing any knowledge or understanding about a subject or situation.
unenthusiastic:Not having or showing enthusiasm.
unenviable:Difficult, undesirable, or unpleasant.
unequal:A person or thing considered to be different from another in status or level.
unequalled:Superior to all others in performance or extent.
unequivocal:Leaving no doubt; unambiguous.
unequivocally:In a way that leaves no doubt.
unerring:Always right or accurate.
unescorted:Not escorted, especially for protection, security, or as a mark of rank.
unestablished:Not established.
unethical:Not morally correct.
uneven:Not level or smooth.
unevenly:In a manner that is not regular or consistent.
uneventful:Not marked by interesting or exciting events.
unexamined:Not investigated or examined.
unexceptionable:Not open to objection.
unexceptional:Not out of the ordinary; usual.
unexcited:Not feeling or displaying enthusiasm, eagerness, or strong emotion.
unexciting:Not exciting; dull.
unexpected:Not expected or regarded as likely to happen.
unexpectedly:In a way that was not expected or regarded as likely.
unexpired:(of an agreement or period of time) not yet having come to an end.
unexplainable:Unable to be explained or accounted for.
unexplained:Not described or made clear; unknown.
unexploded:(of a bomb or other explosive device) not having exploded.
unexploited:(of resources) not used to maximum benefit.
unexplored:(of a country or area) not investigated or mapped.
unexpressed:(of a thought or feeling) not communicated or made known.
unexpurgated:(of a text) complete and containing all the original material; uncensored.
unfailing:Without error or fault.
unfailingly:In a reliable or unchanging way; always.
unfair:Not based on or behaving according to the principles of equality and justice.
unfairly:In a manner that is not in accordance with the principles of equality and justice.
unfairness:Lack of equality or justice.
unfaithful:Not faithful.
unfamiliar:Not known or recognized.
unfamiliarity:The quality of not being known or recognized.
unfancied:(of a sports team or racehorse) not considered likely to win.
unfashionable:Not fashionable or popular at a particular time.
unfasten:Open the fastening of; undo (something)
unfastened:Open the fastening of; undo (something)
unfastening:Open the fastening of; undo (something)
unfathomable:Incapable of being fully explored or understood.
unfathomed:Not fully explored or understood.
unfavourable:Expressing or showing a lack of approval or support.
unfavourably:To the disadvantage of someone or something.
unfeasible:Inconvenient or impractical.
unfed:Not having been fed.
unfeeling:Unsympathetic, harsh, or callous.
unfeigned:Genuine; sincere.
unfelt:Not felt or experienced.
unfeminine:Not having or showing qualities traditionally associated with women.
unfenced:Not provided with fences.
unfertilised:Not fertilized.
unfettered:Unrestrained or uninhibited.
unfilled:Not filled.
unfinished:Not finished or concluded; incomplete.
unfired:(of clay or pottery) not fired.
unfirm:Not solid or secure.
unfit:Make (something or someone) unsuitable; disqualify.
unfits:Make (something or someone) unsuitable; disqualify.
unfitting:Not fitting or suitable; unbecoming.
unfix:Unfasten, detach, or loosen (something)
unfixed:Not fixed in a definite place or position; unfastened or loose.
unflagging:Tireless; persistent.
unflattering:Not flattering.
unflawed:Having no weaknesses or imperfections; perfect.
unfledged:(of a bird) not yet fledged.
unflinching:Not showing fear or hesitation in the face of danger or difficulty.
unfocused:(of a person or their eyes) not seeing clearly; appearing glazed or expressionless.
unfocussed:Make or become blurred or unable to see clearly.
unfold:Open or spread out from a folded position.
unfolded:Open or spread out from a folded position.
unfolding:Open or spread out from a folded position.
unfolds:Open or spread out from a folded position.
unforced:Not produced by effort; natural.
unforeseeable:Not able to be anticipated or predicted.
unforeseen:Not anticipated or predicted.
unforgettable:Impossible to forget; very memorable.
unforgivable:So bad as to be unable to be forgiven or excused.
unforgiving:Not willing to forgive or excuse people's faults or wrongdoings.
unformed:Without a definite form or shape.
unforthcoming:(of a person) not willing to divulge information.
unfortunate:A person who suffers bad fortune.
unfortunately:It is unfortunate that.
unfortunates:A person who suffers bad fortune.
unfounded:Having no foundation or basis in fact.
unfreeze:Cause (something) to thaw.
unfrequented:(of a place) visited only rarely.
unfriendlier:Not friendly.
unfriendliest:Not friendly.
unfriendly:Not friendly.
unfrozen:past participle of unfreeze
unfruitful:Not producing good or helpful results; unproductive.
unfulfilled:Not carried out or brought to completion.
unfunded:Not funded.
unfunny:(of something intended to be funny) not amusing.
unfurl:Make or become spread out from a rolled or folded state, especially in order to be open to the wind.
unfurled:Make or become spread out from a rolled or folded state, especially in order to be open to the wind.
unfurling:Make or become spread out from a rolled or folded state, especially in order to be open to the wind.
unfurnished:(of a house or apartment) without furniture, especially available to be rented without furniture.
unfussy:Not fussy.
ungainly:(of a person or movement) awkward; clumsy.
ungenerous:Not generous; selfish.
ungentlemanly:Not appropriate to or behaving like a gentleman.
unglamorous:Lacking glamour and excitement.
unglazed:Not glazed.
ungodly:Irreligious or immoral.
ungovernable:Impossible to control or govern.
ungoverned:Not brought under control.
ungraceful:Lacking grace; clumsy.
ungracious:Not polite or friendly.
ungrammatical:Not conforming to grammatical rules; not well formed.
ungrateful:Not feeling or showing gratitude.
unguarded:Without protection or a guard.
unguided:Not guided in a particular path or direction; left to take its own course.
unhampered:Not impeded or encumbered.
unhand:Release (someone) from one's grasp.
unhandy:Not easy to handle or manage; awkward.
unhappier:Not happy.
unhappiest:Not happy.
unhappily:In an unhappy manner.
unhappiness:The feeling of not being happy; sadness.
unhappy:Not happy.
unharmed:Not harmed; uninjured.
unhealthier:Harmful to health.
unhealthiest:Harmful to health.
unhealthy:Harmful to health.
unheard:Not heard or listened to.
unheated:Not heated.
unheeded:Heard or noticed but disregarded.
unhelpful:Not helpful.
unheralded:Not previously announced, expected, or recognized.
unheroic:Not heroic.
unhesitating:Without doubt or hesitation; immediate.
unhidden:Not concealed or kept out of sight; obvious.
unhindered:Not hindered or obstructed.
unhinge:Make (someone) mentally unbalanced.
unhinged:Mentally unbalanced; deranged.
unholy:Sinful; wicked.
unhonoured:Not given public praise or respect.
unhook:Unfasten or detach (something that is held or caught by a hook)
unhooked:Unfasten or detach (something that is held or caught by a hook)
unhuman:Not resembling or having the qualities of a human being.
unhurried:Moving, acting, or taking place without haste or urgency.
unhurt:Not hurt or harmed.
unhygienic:Not clean or sanitary.
unhyphenated:(of a word or phrase) not written with a hyphen.
unicameral:(of a legislative body) having a single legislative chamber.
unicorn:A mythical animal typically represented as a horse with a single straight horn projecting from its forehead.
unicorns:A mythical animal typically represented as a horse with a single straight horn projecting from its forehead.
unicycle:A cycle with a single wheel, typically used by acrobats.
unidentifiable:Unable to be identified.
unidentified:Not recognized or identified.
unidirectional:Moving or operating in a single direction.
unification:The process of being united or made into a whole.
unified:Made uniform or whole; united.
unifies:Make or become united, uniform, or whole.
uniform:Make uniform.
uniformed:(of a person) wearing a uniform.
uniformity:The quality or state of being uniform.
uniformly:In a way that is the same in all cases and at all times.
uniforms:Make uniform.
unify:Make or become united, uniform, or whole.
unifying:Make or become united, uniform, or whole.
unilateral:(of an action or decision) performed by or affecting only one person, group, or country involved in a particular situation, without the agreement of another or the others.
unilateralism:The process of acting, reaching a decision, or espousing a principle unilaterally.
unilateralist:An advocate of an action or decision which affects only one person, group, or country involved in a situation, without the agreement of others.
unilaterally:Used to indicate that something is done by only one person, group, or country involved in a situation, without the agreement of others.
unimaginable:Difficult or impossible to imagine or comprehend.
unimaginably:In a way or to an extent that is difficult or impossible to imagine or comprehend.
unimaginative:Not readily using or demonstrating the use of the imagination; stolid and somewhat dull.
unimagined:Not having been imagined or thought of as possible.
unimpaired:Not weakened or damaged.
unimpeachable:Not able to be doubted, questioned, or criticized; entirely trustworthy.
unimpeded:Not obstructed or hindered.
unimportance:The state or fact of lacking in importance or significance.
unimportant:Lacking in importance or significance.
unimpressed:Feeling no admiration, interest, or respect.
unimpressive:Evoking no admiration or respect; not striking.
unimproved:Not made better.
unincorporated:(of a company or other organization) not formed into a legal corporation.
uninfected:Not harboring a pathogen.
uninfluenced:Not influenced or affected.
uninformative:Not providing particularly useful or interesting information.
uninformed:Not having or showing awareness or understanding of the facts.
uninhabitable:(of a place) unsuitable for living in.
uninhabited:(of a place) without inhabitants.
uninhibited:Expressing one's feelings or thoughts unselfconsciously and without restraint.
uninitiated:Without special knowledge or experience.
uninjured:(of a person or part of the body) not harmed or damaged.
uninspired:Lacking in imagination or originality.
uninspiring:Not producing excitement or interest.
unintellectual:Lacking intelligence or depth.
unintelligent:Having or showing a low level of intelligence.
unintelligible:Impossible to understand.
unintended:Not planned or meant.
unintentional:Not done on purpose.
unintentionally:Not on purpose.
uninterested:Not interested in or concerned about something or someone.
uninteresting:Not arousing curiosity or interest.
uninterpretable:Impossible to explain or understand in terms of meaning or significance.
uninterrupted:Without a break in continuity.
uninvited:(of a person) attending somewhere or doing something without having been asked.
uninviting:(especially of a place or prospect) not attractive.
uninvolved:Not connected or concerned with someone or something, especially on an emotional level.
union:The action or fact of joining or being joined, especially in a political context.
unionism:The policies and practices of labor unions, particularly those concerned with protecting and furthering the rights of workers.
unionist:A member of a labor union.
unionists:A member of a trade union.
unions:The action of joining together or the fact of being joined together, especially in a political context.
unipolar:Having or relating to a single pole or kind of polarity.
unique:A unique person or thing.
uniquely:In a way that belongs or is connected to only one particular person or thing.
uniqueness:The quality of being the only one of its kind.
unisex:A style in which men and women look and dress in a similar way.
unison:Simultaneous performance of action or utterance of speech.
unissued:(especially of shares of stock) not yet issued.
unit:An individual thing or person regarded as single and complete but which can also form an individual component of a larger or more complex whole.
unitary:Forming a single or uniform entity.
unite:Come or bring together for a common purpose or action.
united:Joined together politically, for a common purpose, or by common feelings.
unites:Come or bring together for a common purpose or action.
uniting:Come or bring together for a common purpose or action.
units:An individual thing or person regarded as single and complete but which can also form an individual component of a larger or more complex whole.
unity:The state of being united or joined as a whole.
universal:A person or thing having universal effect, currency, or application.
universalism:The belief that all humankind will eventually be saved.
universalist:A person who believes that all humankind will eventually be saved.
universality:The quality of involving or being shared by all people or things in the world or in a particular group.
universally:By everyone; in every case.
universals:A thing having universal effect, currency, or application.
universe:All existing matter and space considered as a whole; the cosmos. The universe is believed to be at least 10 billion light years in diameter and contains a vast number of galaxies; it has been expanding since its creation in the Big Bang about 13 billion years ago.
universes:All existing matter and space considered as a whole; the cosmos. The universe is believed to be at least 10 billion light years in diameter and contains a vast number of galaxies; it has been expanding since its creation in the Big Bang about 13 billion years ago.
universities:A high-level educational institution in which students study for degrees and academic research is done.
university:An educational institution designed for instruction, examination, or both, of students in many branches of advanced learning, conferring degrees in various faculties, and often embodying colleges and similar institutions.
unjaundiced:Free from jaundice. Chiefly figurative: not affected or influenced by envy, prejudice, cynicism, etc.
unjust:Not based on or behaving according to what is morally right and fair.
unjustifiable:Not able to be shown to be right or reasonable.
unjustified:Not shown to be right or reasonable.
unjustly:In a manner that is not in accordance with what is morally right and fair.
unkempt:(especially of a person) having an untidy or disheveled appearance.
unkept:(of a commitment or undertaking) not honored or fulfilled.
unkind:Inconsiderate and harsh to others.
unkindest:Inconsiderate and harsh to others.
unkindness:Inconsiderate and harsh behavior.
unknightly:Not in accordance with the position or character of a knight; not appropriate to or suitable for a knight; not noble or chivalrous.
unknowable:Not able to be known.
unknowing:Lack of awareness or knowledge.
unknowingly:Without being aware of something; unintentionally.
unknown:An unknown person or thing.
unknowns:An unknown person or thing.
unlabelled:Without a label; not labelled.
unlace:Undo the laces of (a shoe or garment)
unlaced:Undo the laces of (a shoe or garment)
unlacing:Undo the laces of (a shoe or garment)
unladen:Not carrying a load.
unladylike:Not appropriate for or typical of a well-bred woman or girl.
unlamented:(of a person who has died or something that has gone or finished) not mourned or regretted.
unlatching:Unfasten the latch of (a door or gate)
unlawful:Not conforming to, permitted by, or recognized by law or rules.
unlawfully:In a manner that is not permitted or recognized by law or the rules.
unleaded:Gasoline without added lead.
unlearn:Discard (something learned, especially a bad habit or false or outdated information) from one's memory.
unlearned:(of a person) not well educated.
unleash:Release from a leash or restraint.
unleashed:Release (a dog) from a leash.
unleashes:Release (a dog) from a leash.
unleashing:Release (a dog) from a leash.
unleavened:(of bread) made without yeast or other leavening agent.
unless:Except if (used to introduce the case in which a statement being made is not true or valid)
unlicensed:Not having an official license.
unlike:Different from; not similar to.
unlikeable:(especially of a person) not likeable.
unlikeliest:Not likely to happen, be done, or be true; improbable.
unlikelihood:The state or fact of not being likely to happen, be done, or be true.
unlikely:Not likely to happen, be done, or be true; improbable.
unlimited:Not limited or restricted in terms of number, quantity, or extent.
unlined:Not marked or covered with lines.
unlink:Detach; separate.
unlinked:Not linked or connected; separate.
unlisted:Not included on a list.
unlit:Not provided with lighting.
unload:Remove goods from (a vehicle, ship, container, etc.)
unloaded:Remove goods from (a vehicle, ship, container, etc.)
unloading:Remove goods from (a vehicle, ship, container, etc.)
unloads:Remove goods from (a vehicle, ship, container, etc.)
unlock:Undo the lock of (something) by using a key.
unlocked:Not locked.
unlocking:Undo the lock of (something), typically with a key.
unlocks:Undo the lock of (something), typically with a key.
unloose:Undo; let free.
unlovable:Not lovable.
unloved:Not loved.
unlovely:Not attractive; ugly.
unloving:Not loving.
unluckier:Having, bringing, or resulting from bad luck.
unluckiest:Having, bringing, or resulting from bad luck.
unlucky:Having, bringing, or resulting from bad luck.
unmade:(of a bed) not having the bedclothes neatly arranged for sleeping in.
unmagnified:Not magnified; not enlarged to the sight; unpraised.
unmaintainable:That cannot be maintained.
unmaintained:Not kept in good condition.
unmaking:Reverse or undo the making of; annul.
unmanageable:Difficult or impossible to manage, manipulate, or control.
unmanly:Not manly; weak or cowardly.
unmanned:Not having or needing a crew or staff.
unmannerly:Not having or showing good manners.
unmapped:(of an area or feature) not represented on a geographical map.
unmarked:Not marked.
unmarried:Not married; single.
unmask:Expose the true character of or hidden truth about.
unmasked:Not wearing a mask.
unmasks:Expose the true character of or hidden truth about.
unmatchable:Incapable of being matched, equaled, or rivaled.
unmatched:Not matched or equaled.
unmeasurable:Not able to be measured objectively.
unmeetable:Incapable of being met.
unmelodious:Not melodious; discordant.
unmemorable:Not memorable.
unmentionable:A person or thing that is too shocking or embarrassing to be mentioned by name.
unmentionables:A person or thing that is too shocking or embarrassing to be mentioned by name.
unmentioned:Not mentioned.
unmerited:Not deserved or merited.
unmet:(of a requirement) not achieved or fulfilled.
unmissable:So good that it should not be missed.
unmistakable:Not able to be mistaken for anything else; very distinctive.
unmistakably:In a way that cannot be mistaken for anything else.
unmistakeable:Not able to be mistaken for anything else; very distinctive.
unmitigated:Absolute; unqualified.
unmixed:Not mixed.
unmodifiable:Not modifiable.
unmodified:Not modified.
unmolested:Not pestered or molested; left in peace.
unmonitored:Not monitored or kept under observation.
unmotivated:Not having interest in or enthusiasm for something, especially work or study.
unmounted:Not mounted.
unmoved:Not affected by emotion or excitement.
unmoving:Not moving; still.
unmusical:Not pleasing to the ear.
unmutilated:Not mutilated.
unmuzzled:(of an animal) not wearing a muzzle.
unnamed:Not having a name.
unnatural:Contrary to the ordinary course of nature; abnormal.
unnaturally:In a way that is not natural or normal.
unnavigable:(of a waterway or sea) not able to be sailed on by ships or boats.
unnecessarily:In a way that is avoidable; needlessly.
unnecessary:Not needed.
unneeded:Not needed.
unnerve:Make (someone) lose courage or confidence.
unnerved:Make (someone) lose courage or confidence.
unnerving:Causing one to lose courage or confidence; disconcerting.
unnoted:Not noticed or remarked upon.
unnoticeable:Not easily observed or noticed.
unnoticed:Not noticed.
unnumbered:Not marked with or assigned a number.
unobjectionable:Not objectionable; acceptable.
unobliging:Not helpful or cooperative.
unobservable:Not able to be observed.
unobservant:Not observant.
unobserved:Not observed.
unobstructed:Not obstructed.
unobtainable:Not able to be obtained.
unobtrusive:Not conspicuous or attracting attention.
unobtrusively:In a way that is not conspicuous or attracting attention.
unoccupied:(of ground) not occupied by inhabitants.
unofficial:Not officially authorized or confirmed.
unofficially:In a manner that is not officially authorized or confirmed.
unopened:Not opened.
unopposed:Not opposed; unchallenged.
unordered:Not put in order; unarranged or disorderly.
unorganised:Not organized.
unoriginal:Lacking originality; derivative.
unorthodox:Contrary to what is usual, traditional, or accepted; not orthodox.
unorthodoxy:The quality of being contrary to what is usual, traditional, or accepted.
unowned:Not having an owner.
unpack:Open and remove the contents of (a suitcase, bag, or package)
unpacked:Open and remove the contents of (a suitcase, bag, or package)
unpacking:Open and remove the contents of (a suitcase, bag, or package)
unpacks:Open and remove the contents of (a suitcase, bag, or package)
unpaid:(of a debt) not yet discharged by payment.
unpainted:Not painted.
unpaired:Not arranged in pairs.
unpalatable:Not pleasant to taste.
unparalleled:Having no parallel or equal; exceptional.
unpardonable:(of a fault or offense) too severe to be pardoned; unforgivable.
unpasteurised:Not pasteurized.
unpatriotic:Not patriotic.
unpaved:Not paved.
unpeeled:Not peeled.
unperceived:Not perceived; unobserved.
unpersuaded:Not persuaded; unconvinced.
unpersuasive:Not persuasive.
unperturbed:Not perturbed or concerned.
unphysical:Not in accordance with the laws or principles of physics; not corresponding to a physically possible situation.
unpick:Undo the sewing of (stitches or a garment)
unpicked:(of a flower, fruit, or vegetable) not picked.
unpicking:Undo the sewing of.
unplaced:Not having or assigned to a specific place.
unplanned:Not planned.
unplayable:Not able to be played or played on.
unpleasant:Causing discomfort, unhappiness, or revulsion; disagreeable.
unpleasantness:The state or quality of being unpleasant.
unpleasing:Not giving satisfaction, especially of an aesthetic kind.
unploughed:(of an area of land) not having been ploughed.
unplug:Disconnect (an electrical device) by removing its plug from a socket.
unplugged:(of pop or rock music) performed or recorded with acoustic rather than electrically amplified instruments.
unplugging:Disconnect (an electrical device) by removing its plug from a socket.
unpolished:Not having a polished surface.
unpolluted:Not contaminated with noxious or poisonous substances.
unpopular:Not liked or popular.
unpopularity:The state or condition of not being liked or popular.
unpopulated:(of a place) having no inhabitants.
unportable:Too heavy or bulky to be (easily) carried.
unpractised:Not trained or experienced.
unprecedented:Never done or known before.
unpredictability:Inability to be predicted; changeability.
unpredictable:Not able to be predicted.
unpredictably:In a way that cannot be predicted.
unpredicted:(of an event or result) unforeseen.
unprejudiced:Not having or showing a dislike or distrust based on fixed or preconceived ideas.
unpremeditated:(of an act, remark, or state) not thought out or planned beforehand.
unprepared:Not ready or able to deal with something.
unprepossessing:Not particularly attractive or appealing to the eye.
unpressurised:(of a gas or its container) not having raised pressure that is produced or maintained artificially.
unpretending:Not pretentious or false; genuine.
unpretentious:Not attempting to impress others with an appearance of greater importance, talent, or culture than is actually possessed.
unprincipled:(of a person or their behavior) not acting in accordance with moral principles.
unprintable:(of words, comments, or thoughts) too offensive or shocking to be published.
unprinted:(of a book or piece of writing) not published.
unprivileged:Not having special rights, advantages, or immunities.
unproblematic:Not constituting or presenting a problem or difficulty.
unprocessed:Unaltered from an original or natural state; not processed.
unproductive:Not producing or able to produce large amounts of goods, crops, or other commodities.
unprofessional:Below or contrary to the standards expected in a particular profession.
unprofitable:(of a business or activity) not yielding profit or financial gain.
unpromising:Not giving hope of future success or good results.
unprompted:Said, done, or acting without being encouraged or assisted.
unpronounceable:(of a word or name) too difficult to say.
unpronounced:Not spoken, articulated, or declared.
unprotected:Not protected or kept safe from harm or injury.
unprovable:Unable to be demonstrated by evidence or argument as true or existing.
unproved:Not demonstrated by evidence or argument to be true or existing.
unproven:Not demonstrated by evidence or argument to be true or existing.
unprovoked:(of an attack, or a display of aggression or emotion) not caused by anything done or said.
unpublicised:Not made widely known.
unpublished:(of a piece of writing or music) not issued in print for public sale or consumption.
unpunctual:Not happening or doing something at the agreed or proper time.
unpunished:(of an offense or offender) not receiving a penalty or sanction as retribution for transgression.
unqualified:(of a person) not officially recognized as a practitioner of a particular profession or activity through having satisfied the relevant conditions or requirements.
unquantifiable:Impossible to express or measure in terms of quantity.
unquantified:Not expressed or measured in terms of quantity.
unquenchable:Not able to be quenched.
unquestionable:Not able to be disputed or doubted.
unquestionably:In a way that cannot be disputed or doubted; without question.
unquestioned:Not disputed or doubted; certain.
unquestioning:Accepting something without dissent or doubt.
unquiet:Not inclined to be quiet or inactive; restless.
unquoted:Not quoted or listed on a stock exchange.
unravel:Undo (twisted, knitted, or woven threads).
unravelled:Undo (twisted, knitted, or woven threads).
unravelling:Undo (twisted, knitted, or woven threads).
unravels:Undo (twisted, knitted, or woven threads).
unreachable:Unable to be reached or contacted.
unreached:Not yet reached, especially by people seeking to convert others to Christianity.
unread:(of a book or document) not read.
unreadable:Not clear enough to read; illegible.
unready:Not prepared for a situation or activity.
unreal:So strange as to appear imaginary; not seeming real.
unrealisable:Not able to be achieved or made to happen.
unrealised:Not achieved or created.
unrealistic:Not realistic.
unrealistically:In a way that does not show a sensible and practical idea of what can be achieved or expected.
unreality:The quality of being imaginary, illusory, or unrealistic.
unreasonable:Not guided by or based on good sense.
unreasonably:In a way that is not guided by or based on good sense.
unreasoned:Not based on good sense or logic.
unreasoning:Not guided by or based on good sense; illogical.
unreceived:Not received.
unreceptive:Not receptive, especially to new suggestions or ideas.
unrecognisable:Not able to be recognized or identified from previous encounters.
unrecognised:Not identified from previous encounters or knowledge.
unrecommended:Not recommended; without recommendation.
unreconciled:Not reconciled.
unreconstructed:Not reconciled or converted to the current political theory or movement.
unrecorded:Not recorded.
unrecoverable:Not able to be recovered or corrected.
unredeemed:Not redeemed.
unreduced:Not made smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
unrefereed:Of a match or contest: without a referee.
unrefined:Not processed to remove impurities or unwanted elements.
unregenerate:Not reforming or showing repentance; obstinately wrong or bad.
unregistered:Not officially recognized and recorded.
unregulated:Not controlled or supervised by regulations or laws.
unrehearsed:Not practiced before a performance.
unrelated:Not related or linked.
unreleased:(especially of a film or recording) not released.
unrelenting:Not yielding in strength, severity, or determination.
unreliability:Inability to be relied upon or trusted.
unreliable:Not able to be relied upon.
unrelieved:Lacking variation or change; monotonous.
unremarkable:Not particularly interesting or surprising.
unremembered:Not remembered; forgotten.
unremitting:Never relaxing or slackening; incessant.
unrepairable:Impossible to repair.
unrepeatable:Not able to be done or made again.
unrepentant:Showing no regret for one's wrongdoings.
unreported:Not reported.
unrepresentative:Not typical of a class, group, or body of opinion.
unrepresented:Not represented.
unrequested:Not asked for.
unrequited:(of a feeling, especially love) not returned or rewarded.
unreserved:Without reservations; complete.
unreservedly:Without reservations; completely.
unresisting:Not showing, producing, or putting up any resistance.
unresolvable:Not able to be resolved.
unresolved:(of a problem, question, or dispute) not resolved.
unresponsive:Not responsive.
unrest:A state of dissatisfaction, disturbance, and agitation in a group of people, typically involving public demonstrations or disorder.
unrestrained:Not restrained or restricted.
unrestricted:Not limited or restricted.
unrevealed:Not revealed; secret.
unrevealing:Not providing any interesting or significant information.
unrewarded:Not rewarded.
unrewarding:Not rewarding or satisfying.
unripe:Not ripe.
unrivalled:Better than everyone or everything of the same type.
unroll:Open or cause to open out from a rolled-up state.
unrolled:Open or cause to open out from a rolled-up state.
unromantic:Not romantic.
unruffled:Not disordered or disarranged.
unruly:Disorderly and disruptive and not amenable to discipline or control.
unsaddled:Remove the saddle from (a horse).
unsafe:Not safe; dangerous.
unsaid:past and past participle of unsay
unsaleable:Not able to be sold.
unsanitary:Not sanitary.
unsatisfactory:Unacceptable because poor or not good enough.
unsatisfied:Not satisfied.
unsatisfying:Not satisfying.
unsavory:Disagreeable to taste, smell, or look at.
unsavoury:Disagreeable to taste, smell, or look at.
unscathed:Without suffering any injury, damage, or harm.
unscientific:Not in accordance with scientific principles or methodology.
unscramble:Restore (something that has been scrambled) to an intelligible, readable, or viewable state.
unscratched:Not having been scratched, damaged, or harmed.
unscrew:(with reference to a lid or other object held in place by a spiral thread) unfasten or be unfastened by twisting.
unscrewing:(with reference to a lid or other object held in place by a spiral thread) unfasten or be unfastened by twisting.
unscripted:Said or delivered without a prepared script; impromptu.
unscrupulous:Having or showing no moral principles; not honest or fair.
unseal:Remove or break the seal of.
unsealed:Not sealed.
unsealing:Remove or break the seal of.
unseasonable:(of weather) unusual for the time of year.
unseasonably:In a way that is unusual for the time of year.
unseasonal:(especially of weather) unusual or inappropriate for the time of year.
unseat:Cause (someone) to fall from a horse or bicycle.
unseated:Cause (someone) to fall from a horse or bicycle.
unsecured:(of a loan) made without an asset given as security.
unseeded:(chiefly of a competitor in a sports tournament) not seeded.
unseeing:With one's eyes open but without noticing or seeing anything.
unseemly:(of behavior or actions) not proper or appropriate.
unseen:Not seen or noticed.
unselected:Not selected or chosen.
unselfconscious:Not suffering from or exhibiting self-consciousness; not shy or embarrassed.
unselfish:Willing to put the needs or wishes of others before one's own.
unsellable:Not able to be sold, or very difficult to sell.
unsensational:Not sensational or seeking to provoke interest or excitement at the expense of accuracy.
unsent:Use a facility in an email program to prevent (an email that has already been sent) from being received by the addressee.
unsentimental:Not displaying or influenced by sentimental feelings.
unserviceable:Not in working order or fulfilling its function adequately; unfit for use.
unset:Cancel or undo the setting of (a machine or device)
unsettle:Cause to feel anxious or uneasy; disturb.
unsettled:Lacking stability.
unsettling:Causing anxiety or uneasiness; disturbing.
unshackled:Not chained or shackled.
unshaded:(of a light bulb or lamp) not having a shade or cover.
unshakable:(of a belief, feeling, or opinion) strongly felt and unable to be changed.
unshakeable:(of a belief, feeling, or opinion) strongly felt and unable to be changed.
unshaken:Not disturbed from a firm position or state; steadfast and unwavering.
unshaped:Having a vague, ill-formed, or unfinished shape.
unshared:Not shared with or by another or others.
unshaved:Unshaven.
unshaven:Not having recently shaved or been shaved.
unsheathed:Not placed in or protected by a sheath or covering.
unshielded:Not protected or shielded.
unshockable:Impossible to shock, horrify, or disgust.
unshod:Not wearing shoes.
unshorn:(of a person's hair) not cut.
unshrinking:Unhesitating; fearless.
unsighted:Lacking the power of sight.
unsightly:Unpleasant to look at; ugly.
unsigned:Not identified or authorized by a person's signature.
unsinkable:(of a ship or boat) unable to be sunk.
unskilful:Not having or showing skill.
unskilled:Not having or requiring special skill or training.
unsliced:(especially of a commercially produced loaf of bread) not having been cut into slices.
unsmiling:(of a person or their manner or expression) serious or unfriendly; not smiling.
unsociable:Not enjoying or making an effort to behave sociably in the company of others.
unsocial:Causing annoyance and disapproval in others; antisocial.
unsoiled:Not stained or dirty.
unsold:(of an item) not sold.
unsolder:Undo the soldering of.
unsolicited:Not asked for; given or done voluntarily.
unsolvable:Not able to be solved.
unsolved:Not solved.
unsophisticated:Lacking refined worldly knowledge or tastes.
unsorted:Not sorted or arranged.
unsought:Not searched for, requested, or desired.
unsound:Not safe or robust; in poor condition.
unspeakable:Not able to be expressed in words.
unspecialised:Not specialized.
unspecific:Not specific; vague.
unspecified:Not stated clearly or exactly.
unspectacular:Not spectacular; unremarkable.
unspent:Not spent.
unspoiled:Not spoiled, in particular (of a place) not marred by development.
unspoilt:Not spoiled, in particular (of a place) not marred by development.
unspoken:Not expressed in speech; tacit.
unsporting:Unsportsmanlike.
unstable:Prone to change, fail, or give way; not stable.
unstained:Not stained.
unstamped:Not marked by stamping.
unstated:Not stated or declared.
unsteady:Liable to fall or shake; not steady in position.
unsterilised:(especially of medical instruments) not sterilized.
unsticking:Cause to become no longer stuck together.
unstimulated:Not having been stimulated.
unstinting:Given or giving without restraint; unsparing.
unstirred:Not moved, agitated, or stirred.
unstoppable:Impossible to stop or prevent.
unstopped:Free (something) from obstruction.
unstrapped:Undo the strap or straps of.
unstressed:(of a syllable) not pronounced with stress.
unstructured:Without formal organization or structure.
unstuck:Cause to become no longer stuck together.
unsubdued:Not restrained or subdued.
unsubstantial:Having little or no solidity, reality, or factual basis.
unsubstantiated:Not supported or proven by evidence.
unsubtle:Not subtle; obvious; clumsy.
unsuccessful:Not successful.
unsuccessfully:In a way that fails to accomplish a desired aim or result.
unsuitable:Not fitting or appropriate.
unsuited:Not right or appropriate.
unsullied:Not spoiled or made impure.
unsung:Not celebrated or praised.
unsupervised:Not done or acting under supervision.
unsupported:(of a structure, object, or person) not supported physically.
unsuppressed:Not restrained or repressed.
unsure:Not feeling, showing, or done with confidence and certainty.
unsurfaced:(of a road or path) not provided with a durable finished upper layer.
unsurpassable:Not able to be exceeded in quality or degree.
unsurpassed:As good as or better than any other.
unsurprised:Not feeling or showing surprise at something unexpected.
unsurprising:Not unexpected and so not causing surprise.
unsurprisingly:In a way that is not unexpected and therefore does not cause surprise.
unsuspected:Not known or thought to exist or be present; not imagined possible.
unsuspecting:(of a person or animal) not aware of the presence of danger; feeling no suspicion.
unsustainable:Not able to be maintained at the current rate or level.
unsweetened:(of food or drink) without sugar or a similar substance having been added.
unswerving:Not changing or becoming weaker; steady or constant.
unsympathetic:Not feeling, showing, or expressing sympathy.
unsystematic:Not done or acting according to a fixed plan or system; unmethodical.
untagged:Not having an identifying tag or label.
untainted:Not contaminated, polluted, or tainted.
untalented:(of a person) not having a natural aptitude or skill.
untamed:Not domesticated or otherwise controlled.
untangle:Free from a tangled or twisted state.
untangled:Free from a tangled or twisted state.
untangling:Free from a tangled or twisted state.
untapped:(of a resource) not yet exploited or used.
untarnished:(of metal or metalware) not having lost its luster, especially as a result of exposure to air or moisture.
untasted:(of food or drink) not sampled or tested for flavor.
untaught:(of a person) not trained by teaching.
untaxed:Not subject to taxation.
untaxing:Not physically or mentally demanding.
untempered:Not moderated or lessened by anything.
untenable:(especially of a position or view) not able to be maintained or defended against attack or objection.
untended:Not cared for or looked after; neglected.
untested:(of an idea, product, or person) not subjected to examination, experiment, or experience; unproven.
untethered:Release or free from a tether.
unthinkable:(of a situation or event) too unlikely or undesirable to be considered a possibility.
unthinking:Expressed, done, or acting without proper consideration of the consequences.
unthoughtful:Showing little or no consideration for the needs of other people; thoughtless.
untidier:Not arranged neatly and in order.
untidiest:Not arranged neatly and in order.
untidy:Not arranged neatly and in order.
untie:Undo or unfasten (a cord or knot)
untied:Not fastened or knotted.
unties:Undo or unfasten (something that is tied or tied up)
until:Up to (the point in time or the event mentioned)
untimely:At a time that is unsuitable or premature.
untiring:(of a person or their actions) continuing at the same rate without loss of vigor; indefatigable.
untitled:(of a book, composition, or other artistic work) having no name.
untold:Too much or too many to be counted or measured.
untouchable:A member of the lowest-caste Hindu group or a person outside the caste system. Contact with untouchables is traditionally held to defile members of higher castes.
untouchables:A member of the lowest-caste Hindu group or a person outside the caste system, contact with whom is traditionally held to defile members of higher castes.
untouched:Not handled, used, or tasted.
untoward:Unexpected and inappropriate or inconvenient.
untraceable:Unable to be found, discovered, or traced.
untraced:Not found or discovered by investigation.
untrained:Not having been trained in a particular skill.
untrammelled:Not deprived of freedom of action or expression; not restricted or hampered.
untransformed:Not having been transformed in form, appearance, or character.
untranslatable:(of a word, phrase, or text) not able to have its sense satisfactorily expressed in another language.
untranslated:(of words or text) not having their sense expressed in another language.
untreatable:(of a patient, disease, or other condition) for whom or which no medical care is available or possible.
untreated:(of a patient, disease, or other condition) not given medical care.
untried:Not yet tested to discover quality or reliability; inexperienced.
untrodden:(of a surface) not having been walked on.
untroubled:Not feeling, showing, or affected by anxiety or problems.
untrue:Not in accordance with fact or reality; false or incorrect.
untrustworthy:Not able to be relied on as honest or truthful.
untruth:A lie or false statement (often used euphemistically)
untruthful:Saying or consisting of something that is false or incorrect.
untruths:A lie or false statement (often used euphemistically)
unturned:Not turned.
untutored:Not formally taught or trained.
untwist:Open or cause to open from a twisted position.
untwisted:Open or cause to open from a twisted position.
untypical:Not having the distinctive qualities of a particular type of person or thing; unusual or uncharacteristic.
unusable:Not fit to be used.
unused:Not being, or never having been, used.
unusual:Not habitually or commonly occurring or done.
unusually:In a way that is not habitual or common.
unutterable:Too great, intense, or awful to describe.
unvalidated:Not validated or proven to be accurate or true.
unvalued:Not considered to be important or beneficial.
unvanquished:(of an opponent or obstacle) not conquered or overcome.
unvarnished:Not covered with varnish.
unvarying:Not changing; constant or uniform.
unveil:Remove a veil or covering from, in particular uncover (a new monument or work of art) as part of a public ceremony.
unveiled:Remove a veil or covering from, in particular uncover (a new monument or work of art) as part of a public ceremony.
unveiling:The removal of a veil or covering from a new monument or work of art as part of a public ceremony.
unveils:Remove a veil or covering from, in particular uncover (a new monument or work of art) as part of a public ceremony.
unventilated:(of a room or space) not provided with fresh air.
unverifiable:Not able to be verified.
unverified:Not having been verified.
unversed:Not experienced or skilled in; not knowledgeable about.
unvisited:(of a place) having had no people visit it.
unvoiced:Not expressed in words; unuttered.
unwanted:Not or no longer desired.
unwarmed:Not made warm.
unwarned:(of a person) not warned in advance about something.
unwarrantable:Not able to be authorized or sanctioned; unjustifiable.
unwarranted:Not justified or authorized.
unwary:Not cautious; not aware of possible dangers or problems.
unwashed:Not having been washed.
unwatchable:(of a film or television program) too poor, tedious, or disturbing to be viewed.
unwatched:Not looked at or observed.
unwavering:Steady or resolute; not wavering.
unweaned:(of an infant or other young mammal) not accustomed to food other than its mother's milk.
unwearied:Not tired or becoming tired.
unweary:Not tired or weary.
unwed:Not married.
unwedded:Not married.
unweighted:Without a weight attached.
unwelcome:(of a guest or new arrival) not gladly received.
unwelcoming:Having an inhospitable or uninviting atmosphere or appearance.
unwell:Sick.
unwholesome:Not characterized by or conducive to health or moral well-being.
unwieldy:Difficult to carry or move because of its size, shape, or weight.
unwilling:Not ready, eager, or prepared to do something.
unwillingly:Against one's wishes; reluctantly.
unwillingness:The quality or state of being unwilling to do something; reluctance.
unwind:Undo or be undone after winding or being wound.
unwinding:Undo or be undone after winding or being wound.
unwinds:Undo or be undone after winding or being wound.
unwisdom:Folly; lack of wisdom.
unwise:(of a person or action) not wise or sensible; foolish.
unwisely:In a way that shows poor judgment; foolishly.
unwitting:(of a person) not aware of the full facts.
unwittingly:Without being aware; unintentionally.
unworkable:Not able to function or be carried out successfully; impractical.
unworldly:(of a person) not having much awareness of the realities of life, in particular, not motivated by material or practical considerations.
unworn:Not damaged or shabby-looking as a result of much use.
unworried:Not anxious or uneasy.
unworthy:Not deserving effort, attention, or respect.
unwound:(of a clock or watch) not wound or wound up.
unwounded:Not hurt or injured.
unwrap:Remove the wrapping from (a package)
unwrapped:Remove the wrapping from (a package)
unwrapping:Remove the wrapping from (a package)
unwraps:Remove the wrapping from (a package)
unwritten:Not recorded in writing.
unyielding:(of a mass or structure) not giving way to pressure; hard or solid.
unzip:Unfasten the zipper of (an item of clothing)
unzipped:Unfasten the zip fastener of.
unzipping:Unfasten the zip fastener of.
unzips:Unfasten the zip fastener of.
up:From a lower to a higher point on (something); upward along.
upbeat:(in music) an unaccented beat preceding an accented beat.
upbraid:Find fault with (someone); scold.
upbraided:Find fault with (someone); scold.
upbraiding:Find fault with (someone); scold.
upbraids:Find fault with (someone); scold.
upbringing:The treatment and instruction received by a child from its parents throughout its childhood.
upbringings:The treatment and instruction received by a child from its parents throughout its childhood.
upcast:Cast (something) upward.
upcoming:Forthcoming; about to happen.
update:Make (something) more modern or up to date.
updated:Made more modern or up to date.
updates:Make (something) more modern or up to date.
updating:Make (something) more modern or up to date.
upended:Set or turned on its end or upside down.
upfield:(in sport) in or to a position nearer to the opponents' end of a field.
upfront:At the front; in front.
upgrade:Raise (something) to a higher standard, in particular improve (equipment or machinery) by adding or replacing components.
upgraded:Improved by the addition or replacement of components; raised to a higher standard.
upgrades:Raise (something) to a higher standard, in particular improve (equipment or machinery) by adding or replacing components.
upgrading:Raise (something) to a higher standard, in particular improve (equipment or machinery) by adding or replacing components.
upheaval:A violent or sudden change or disruption to something.
upheavals:A violent or sudden change or disruption to something.
upheld:Confirm or support (something which has been questioned)
uphill:In an ascending direction up a hill or slope.
uphold:Confirm or support (something which has been questioned)
upholding:Confirm or support (something which has been questioned)
upholds:Confirm or support (something which has been questioned)
upholster:Provide (furniture) with a soft, padded covering.
upholstered:(of furniture) having a soft, padded covering.
upholsterer:A person who upholsters furniture, especially professionally.
upholsterers:A person who upholsters furniture, especially professionally.
upholstery:Soft, padded textile covering that is fixed to furniture such as armchairs and sofas.
upkeep:The process of keeping something in good condition.
upland:An area of high or hilly land.
uplands:An area of high or hilly land.
uplift:Raise the level of; improve.
uplifted:Placed in a higher position; raised.
uplifting:Inspiring happiness, optimism, or hope.
uplifts:Raise the level of; improve.
uplink:Provide (someone) with or send (something) by satellite link.
uplinks:Provide (someone) with or send (something) by means of an uplink.
upload:Transfer (data) from one computer to another, typically to one that is larger or remote from the user or functioning as a server.
uploaded:Transfer (data) from one computer to another, typically to one that is larger or remote from the user or functioning as a server.
uploads:Transfer (data) from one computer to another, typically to one that is larger or remote from the user or functioning as a server.
upmarket:Towards the more expensive or affluent sector of the market.
upped:From a lower to a higher point of (something)
upper:The part of a boot or shoe above the sole.
uppercase:Capital letters as opposed to small letters (lowercase)
uppercut:Hit with an uppercut.
uppermost:At or to the highest or most important position.
uppers:The part of a boot or shoe above the sole.
upraised:Raised to a higher level; held up.
uprate:Increase the value of (a payment or benefit)
uprated:Increase the value of (a payment or benefit)
uprating:Increase the value of (a payment or benefit)
upright:In or into a vertical position.
uprightness:The state of being in a vertical position.
uprights:In or into an upright position.
uprise:Rise to a standing or elevated position.
uprising:An act of resistance or rebellion; a revolt.
uprisings:An act of resistance or rebellion; a revolt.
upriver:At or toward a point nearer the source of a river.
uproar:A loud and impassioned noise or disturbance.
uproarious:Characterized by or provoking loud noise or uproar.
uproars:A loud and impassioned noise or disturbance.
uproot:Pull (something, especially a tree or plant) out of the ground.
uprooted:Pull (something, especially a tree or plant) out of the ground.
uprooting:Pull (something, especially a tree or plant) out of the ground.
uproots:Pull (something, especially a tree or plant) out of the ground.
ups:Uninterruptible power supply.
upset:Make (someone) unhappy, disappointed, or worried.
upsets:Make (someone) unhappy, disappointed, or worried.
upsetting:The action of knocking something over.
upshot:The final or eventual outcome or conclusion of a discussion, action, or series of events.
upside:The positive or favorable aspect of something.
upsilon:The twentieth letter of the Greek alphabet (Υ, υ), transliterated in the traditional Latin style as ‘y’ (as in cycle) or in the modern style as ‘u’ (as in the etymologies of this dictionary).
upstage:Divert attention from (someone) towards oneself.
upstaged:Divert attention from (someone) towards oneself.
upstages:Divert attention from (someone) towards oneself.
upstaging:Divert attention from (someone) towards oneself.
upstairs:On or to an upper floor of a building.
upstanding:Honest; respectable.
upstart:A person who has risen suddenly to wealth or high position, especially one who behaves arrogantly.
upstarts:A person who has risen suddenly in rank or importance, especially one who behaves arrogantly.
upstream:In the opposite direction from that in which a stream or river flows; nearer to the source.
upsurge:An upward surge in the strength or quantity of something; an increase.
upsurges:An upward surge in the strength or quantity of something; an increase.
upswing:An increase in strength or quantity; an upward trend.
uptake:The action of taking up or making use of something that is available.
upthrust:The upward force that a liquid or gas exerts on a body floating in it.
uptown:In or into an uptown area.
upturn:Turn (something) upward or upside down.
upturned:Turn (something) upwards or upside down.
upward:Toward a higher place, point, or level.
upwardly:In an upward direction.
upwards:Towards a higher place, point, or level.
upwind:In the opposite direction to that in which the wind is blowing; against the wind.
uranium:The chemical element of atomic number 92, a dense gray radioactive metal used as a fuel in nuclear reactors.
uranus:A distant planet of the solar system, seventh in order from the sun, discovered by William Herschel in 1781.
urban:In, relating to, or characteristic of a town or city.
urbane:Courteous and refined in manner (typically used of a man)
urbanisation:The process of making an area more urban.
urbanise:Make or become urban in character.
urbanised:Made urban in character.
urbanising:Make or become urban in character.
urbanites:A person who lives in a town or city.
urbanity:Suavity, courteousness, and refinement of manner.
urchin:A mischievous young child, especially one who is poorly or raggedly dressed.
urchins:A young child who is poorly or raggedly dressed.
urea:A colorless crystalline compound which is the main nitrogenous breakdown product of protein metabolism in mammals and is excreted in urine.
ureter:The duct by which urine passes from the kidney to the bladder or cloaca.
ureters:The duct by which urine passes from the kidney to the bladder or cloaca.
urethane:A synthetic crystalline compound used in making pesticides and fungicides, and formerly as an anesthetic.
urethra:The duct by which urine is conveyed out of the body from the bladder, and which in male vertebrates also conveys semen.
urethrae:The duct by which urine is conveyed out of the body from the bladder, and which in male vertebrates also conveys semen.
urethras:The duct by which urine is conveyed out of the body from the bladder, and which in male vertebrates also conveys semen.
urethritis:Inflammation of the urethra.
urge:Try earnestly or persistently to persuade (someone) to do something.
urged:Try earnestly or persistently to persuade (someone) to do something.
urgency:Importance requiring swift action.
urgent:(of a state or situation) requiring immediate action or attention.
urgently:In a way which requires immediate action or attention.
urges:Try earnestly or persistently to persuade (someone) to do something.
urging:The action of urging someone to do something.
urgings:The action of urging someone to do something.
urinary:Relating to urine.
urine:A watery, typically yellowish fluid stored in the bladder and discharged through the urethra. It is one of the body's chief means of eliminating excess water and salt, and also contains nitrogen compounds such as urea and other waste substances removed from the blood by the kidneys.
urn:Place (something) in an urn.
urns:Place in an urn.
urologist:A doctor who specializes in the study or treatment of the function and disorders of the urinary system.
ursine:Relating to or resembling bears.
urticaria:A rash of round, red welts on the skin that itch intensely, sometimes with dangerous swelling, caused by an allergic reaction, typically to specific foods.
uruguay:A country on the Atlantic coast of South America south of Brazil; population 3,400,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Spanish; capital, Montevideo.
us:Used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself and one or more other people as the object of a verb or preposition.
usability:The degree to which something is able or fit to be used.
usable:Able or fit to be used.
usage:The action of using something or the fact of being used.
use:Take, hold, or deploy (something) as a means of accomplishing a purpose or achieving a result; employ.
useable:Able or fit to be used.
used:Having already been used.
useful:Able to be used for a practical purpose or in several ways.
usefully:In a way that is beneficial or profitable.
usefulness:The quality or fact of being useful.
useless:Not fulfilling or not expected to achieve the intended purpose or desired outcome.
uselessness:Inability to achieve an intended purpose or desired outcome.
user:A person who uses or operates something, especially a computer or other machine.
users:A person who uses or operates something.
uses:Take, hold, or deploy (something) as a means of accomplishing or achieving something; employ.
usher:Show or guide (someone) somewhere.
ushered:Show or guide (someone) somewhere.
usherette:A woman who shows people to their seats in a theater.
ushering:Show or guide (someone) somewhere.
ushers:Show or guide (someone) somewhere.
using:Take, hold, or deploy (something) as a means of accomplishing or achieving something; employ.
usual:The drink someone habitually orders or prefers.
usually:Under normal conditions; generally.
usurer:A person who lends money at unreasonably high rates of interest.
usurers:A person who lends money at unreasonably high rates of interest.
usurious:Relating to the practice of usury.
usurp:Take (a position of power or importance) illegally or by force.
usurped:Take (a position of power or importance) illegally or by force.
usurper:A person who takes a position of power or importance illegally or by force.
usurping:Take (a position of power or importance) illegally or by force.
usury:The illegal action or practice of lending money at unreasonably high rates of interest.
utah:A state in the western US; population 2,736,424 (est. 2008); capital, Salt Lake City. The region became part of Mexico in 1821 and was ceded to the US in 1848, becoming the 45th state of the US in 1896.
utensil:An implement, container, or other article, especially for household use.
utensils:A tool, container, or other article, especially for household use.
uteri:The organ in the lower body of a woman or female mammal where offspring are conceived and in which they gestate before birth; the womb.
uterine:Relating to the uterus or womb.
uterus:The organ in the lower body of a woman or female mammal where offspring are conceived and in which they gestate before birth; the womb.
utilisation:The action of making practical and effective use of something.
utilise:Make practical and effective use of.
utilised:Make practical and effective use of.
utilises:Make practical and effective use of.
utilising:Make practical and effective use of.
utilitarian:An adherent of utilitarianism.
utilitarianism:The doctrine that actions are right if they are useful or for the benefit of a majority.
utilitarians:An adherent of utilitarianism.
utilities:The state of being useful, profitable, or beneficial.
utility:The state of being useful, profitable, or beneficial.
utmost:The greatest or most extreme extent or amount.
utopia:An imagined place or state of things in which everything is perfect.
utopian:An idealistic reformer.
utopians:An idealistic reformer.
utopias:An imagined place or state of things in which everything is perfect.
utter:Complete; absolute.
utterance:A spoken word, statement, or vocal sound.
utterances:A spoken word, statement, or vocal sound.
uttered:Complete; absolute.
uttering:Complete; absolute.
utterly:Completely and without qualification; absolutely.
uttermost:The greatest or most extreme extent or amount.
utters:Complete; absolute.
uvula:A fleshy extension at the back of the soft palate which hangs above the throat.
uvular:A uvular consonant.
vacancies:An unoccupied position or job.
vacancy:An unoccupied position or job.
vacant:(of premises) having no fixtures, furniture, or inhabitants; empty.
vacate:Leave (a place that one previously occupied)
vacated:Leave (a place that one previously occupied)
vacates:Leave (a place that one previously occupied)
vacating:Leave (a place that one previously occupied)
vacation:An extended period of leisure and recreation, especially one spent away from home or in traveling.
vacations:Take a holiday.
vaccinate:Treat (someone) with a vaccine to produce immunity against a disease.
vaccinated:Treat (someone) with a vaccine to produce immunity against a disease.
vaccinating:Treat (someone) with a vaccine to produce immunity against a disease.
vaccination:Treatment with a vaccine to produce immunity against a disease.
vaccinations:Treatment with a vaccine to produce immunity against a disease.
vaccine:A substance used to stimulate the production of antibodies and provide immunity against one or several diseases, prepared from the causative agent of a disease, its products, or a synthetic substitute, treated to act as an antigen without inducing the disease.
vaccines:A substance used to stimulate the production of antibodies and provide immunity against one or several diseases, prepared from the causative agent of a disease, its products, or a synthetic substitute, treated to act as an antigen without inducing the disease.
vacillate:Alternate or waver between different opinions or actions; be indecisive.
vacillating:Wavering between different opinions or actions; irresolute.
vacillation:The inability to decide between different opinions or actions; indecision.
vacillations:The inability to decide between different opinions or actions; indecision.
vacua:Clean with a vacuum cleaner.
vacuity:Lack of thought or intelligence; empty-headedness.
vacuole:A space or vesicle within the cytoplasm of a cell, enclosed by a membrane and typically containing fluid.
vacuoles:A space or vesicle within the cytoplasm of a cell, enclosed by a membrane and typically containing fluid.
vacuous:Having or showing a lack of thought or intelligence; mindless.
vacuum:Clean with a vacuum cleaner.
vacuums:Clean with a vacuum cleaner.
vaduz:The capital of Liechtenstein; population 5,000 (est. 2007).
vagabond:A person who wanders from place to place without a home or job.
vagabonds:Wander about as or like a vagabond.
vagrancy:The state of living as a vagrant; homelessness.
vagrant:A person without a settled home or regular work who wanders from place to place and lives by begging.
vagrants:A person without a settled home or regular work who wanders from place to place and lives by begging.
vague:Of uncertain, indefinite, or unclear character or meaning.
vaguely:In a way that is uncertain, indefinite or unclear; roughly.
vagueness:Lack of certainty or distinctness.
vaguer:Of uncertain, indefinite, or unclear character or meaning.
vaguest:Of uncertain, indefinite, or unclear character or meaning.
vain:Having or showing an excessively high opinion of one's appearance, abilities, or worth.
vainer:Having or showing an excessively high opinion of one's appearance, abilities, or worth.
vainest:Having or showing an excessively high opinion of one's appearance, abilities, or worth.
vainglorious:Excessively proud of oneself or one's achievements; overly vain.
vainglory:Inordinate pride in oneself or one's achievements; excessive vanity.
vainly:With an excessively high opinion of one's appearance, abilities, or worth.
valance:A length of decorative drapery attached to the canopy or frame of a bed in order to screen the structure or the space beneath it.
vale:A valley (used in place names or as a poetic term)
valediction:The action of saying farewell.
valedictory:A farewell address.
valence:The combining power of an element, especially as measured by the number of hydrogen atoms it can displace or combine with.
valencies:The combining power of an element, especially as measured by the number of hydrogen atoms it can displace or combine with.
valency:another term for valence
valentine:A card sent, often anonymously, on St. Valentine's Day (February 14) to a person one loves or is attracted to.
vales:A valley (used in place names or as a poetic term)
valet:Act as a valet to (a particular man).
valets:Act as a valet to (a particular man)
valhalla:A hall in which heroes killed in battle were believed to feast with Odin for eternity.
valiant:Possessing or showing courage or determination.
valiantly:With courage or determination.
valid:(of an argument or point) having a sound basis in logic or fact; reasonable or cogent.
validate:Check or prove the validity or accuracy of (something)
validated:Check or prove the validity or accuracy of.
validates:Check or prove the validity or accuracy of.
validating:Check or prove the validity or accuracy of.
validation:The action of checking or proving the validity or accuracy of something.
validity:The quality of being logically or factually sound; soundness or cogency.
validly:With a sound basis in logic or fact; reasonably.
valise:A small traveling bag or suitcase.
valley:A low area of land between hills or mountains, typically with a river or stream flowing through it.
valleys:A low area of land between hills or mountains, typically with a river or stream flowing through it.
valour:Great courage in the face of danger, especially in battle.
valuable:A thing that is of great worth, especially a small item of personal property.
valuables:A thing that is of great worth, especially a small item of personal property.
valuation:An estimation of something's worth, especially one carried out by a professional appraiser.
valuations:An estimation of the worth of something, especially one carried out by a professional valuer.
value:Estimate the monetary worth of (something)
valued:Considered to be important or beneficial; cherished.
valueless:Having no value; worthless.
valuer:A person whose job is to estimate the value of something that is to be purchased.
valuers:A person whose job is to estimate the value of something that is to be purchased.
values:Estimate the monetary worth of.
valuing:Estimate the monetary worth of.
valuta:The value of one currency with respect to its exchange rate with another.
valve:A device for controlling the passage of fluid or air through a pipe, duct, etc., especially an automatic device allowing movement in one direction only.
valves:A device for controlling the passage of fluid or air through a pipe, duct, etc., especially an automatic device allowing movement in one direction only.
vamp:Attach a new upper to (a boot or shoe).
vamped:Repair or improve something.
vamping:Repair or improve something.
vampire:A corpse supposed, in European folklore, to leave its grave at night to drink the blood of the living by biting their necks with long pointed canine teeth.
vampires:(in European folklore) a corpse supposed to leave its grave at night to drink the blood of the living by biting their necks with long pointed canine teeth.
vamps:Repair or improve something.
van:A medium-sized motor vehicle with a boxy shape and high roof, used for transporting goods or passengers.
vanadium:The chemical element of atomic number 23, a hard gray metal of the transition series, used to make alloy steels.
vandal:A person who deliberately destroys or damages public or private property.
vandalise:Deliberately destroy or damage (public or private property)
vandalised:Deliberately destroy or damage (public or private property)
vandalising:Deliberately destroy or damage (public or private property)
vandalism:Action involving deliberate destruction of or damage to public or private property.
vandals:A person who deliberately destroys or damages property belonging to others.
vane:A broad blade attached to a rotating axis or wheel which pushes or is pushed by wind or water and forms part of a machine or device such as a windmill, propeller, or turbine.
vanes:A broad blade attached to a rotating axis or wheel which pushes or is pushed by wind or water and forms part of a machine or device such as a windmill, propeller, or turbine.
vanguard:A group of people leading the way in new developments or ideas.
vanilla:A substance obtained from vanilla beans or produced artificially and used to flavor sweet foods or to impart a fragrant scent to cosmetic preparations.
vanish:Disappear suddenly and completely.
vanished:Disappear suddenly and completely.
vanishes:Disappear suddenly and completely.
vanishing:Disappear suddenly and completely.
vanishingly:In such a manner or to such a degree as almost to become invisible, nonexistent, or negligible.
vanities:Excessive pride in or admiration of one's own appearance or achievements.
vanity:Excessive pride in or admiration of one's own appearance or achievements.
vanquish:Defeat thoroughly.
vanquished:Defeat thoroughly.
vanquishing:Defeat thoroughly.
vans:A medium-sized motor vehicle, typically without side windows in the rear part, for transporting goods.
vantage:A place or position affording a good view of something.
vapid:Offering nothing that is stimulating or challenging.
vaporise:Convert or be converted into vapour.
vaporised:Convert or be converted into vapour.
vaporising:Convert or be converted into vapour.
vaporous:Of the nature of, characterized by, or filled with vapor.
vapour:Talk in a vacuous, boasting, or pompous way.
vapours:Talk in a vacuous, boasting, or pompous way.
variability:Lack of consistency or fixed pattern; liability to vary or change.
variable:An element, feature, or factor that is liable to vary or change.
variables:An element, feature, or factor that is liable to vary or change.
variance:The fact or quality of being different, divergent, or inconsistent.
variances:The fact or quality of being different, divergent, or inconsistent.
variant:A form or version of something that differs in some respect from other forms of the same thing or from a standard.
variants:A form or version of something that differs in some respect from other forms of the same thing or from a standard.
variate:another term for random variable
variates:A quantity having a numerical value for each member of a group, especially one whose values occur according to a frequency distribution.
variation:A change or difference in condition, amount, or level, typically with certain limits.
variations:A change or slight difference in condition, amount, or level, typically within certain limits.
varicose:Affected by a condition causing the swelling and tortuous lengthening of veins, most often in the legs.
varied:Incorporating a number of different types or elements; showing variation or variety.
variegated:Exhibiting different colors, especially as irregular patches or streaks.
varies:Differ in size, amount, degree, or nature from something else of the same general class.
varietal:A varietal wine or grape.
varieties:The quality or state of being different or diverse; the absence of uniformity or monotony.
variety:The quality or state of being different or diverse; the absence of uniformity, sameness, or monotony.
various:More than one; several.
variously:In several or different ways.
varnish:Apply varnish to.
varnished:Apply varnish to.
varnishes:Apply varnish to.
varnishing:Apply varnish to.
varsity:The principal team representing a high school or college in a sport or other competition.
vary:Differ in size, amount, degree, or nature from something else of the same general class.
varying:Differing in size, amount, degree, or nature.
vascular:Relating to, affecting, or consisting of a vessel or vessels, especially those which carry blood.
vase:A decorative container, typically made of glass or china and used as an ornament or for displaying cut flowers.
vasectomies:The surgical cutting and sealing of part of each vas deferens, typically as a means of sterilization.
vasectomy:The surgical cutting and sealing of part of each vas deferens, typically as a means of sterilization.
vaseline:Cover or smear with Vaseline.
vases:A decorative container without handles, typically made of glass or china and used as an ornament or for displaying cut flowers.
vassal:A holder of land by feudal tenure on conditions of homage and allegiance.
vassals:A holder of land by feudal tenure on conditions of homage and allegiance.
vast:An immense space.
vaster:An immense space.
vastly:To a very great extent; immensely.
vastness:Very great extent or size; immensity.
vat:Place or treat in a vat.
vatican:The palace and official residence of the Pope in Rome.
vats:Place or treat in a vat.
vault:A roof in the form of an arch or a series of arches, typical of churches and other large, formal buildings.
vaulted:(of a building or room) having an arched roof or roofs.
vaulting:Ornamental work in a vaulted roof or ceiling.
vaults:A roof in the form of an arch or a series of arches, typical of churches and other large, formal buildings.
vaunted:Praised or boasted about, especially in an excessive way.
vaunting:Of a boastful nature.
veal:The flesh of a calf, used as food.
vector:Direct (an aircraft in flight) to a desired point.
vectored:Direct (an aircraft in flight) to a desired point.
vectoring:Direct (an aircraft in flight) to a desired point.
vectorised:Represent as or transform into a vector.
vectors:Direct (an aircraft in flight) to a desired point.
veer:Change direction suddenly.
veered:Change direction suddenly.
veering:Change direction suddenly.
veers:Change direction suddenly.
veg:Relax to the point of complete inertia.
vegan:A person who does not eat any food derived from animals and who typically does not use other animal products.
vegans:A person who does not eat any food derived from animals and who typically does not use other animal products.
vegetable:A plant or part of a plant used as food, typically as accompaniment to meat or fish, such as a cabbage, potato, carrot, or bean.
vegetables:A plant or part of a plant used as food, such as a cabbage, potato, turnip, or bean.
vegetarian:A person who does not eat meat, and sometimes other animal products, especially for moral, religious, or health reasons.
vegetarianism:The practice of not eating meat or fish, especially for moral, religious, or health reasons.
vegetarians:A person who does not eat meat or fish, and sometimes other animal products, especially for moral, religious, or health reasons.
vegetate:Live or spend a period of time in a dull, inactive, unchallenging way.
vegetated:Covered with vegetation or plant life.
vegetating:Live or spend a period of time in a dull, inactive, unchallenging way.
vegetation:Plants considered collectively, especially those found in a particular area or habitat.
vegetative:Relating to or denoting reproduction or propagation achieved by asexual means, either naturally (budding, rhizomes, runners, bulbs, etc.) or artificially (grafting, layering, or taking cuttings)
veggies:A vegetable.
vehemence:The display of strong feeling; passion.
vehement:Showing strong feeling; forceful, passionate, or intense.
vehemently:In a forceful, passionate, or intense manner; with great feeling.
vehicle:A thing used for transporting people or goods, especially on land, such as a car, truck, or cart.
vehicles:A thing used for transporting people or goods, especially on land, such as a car, lorry, or cart.
vehicular:Involving or by means of a vehicle or vehicles.
veil:Cover with a veil.
veiled:Wearing or covered by a veil.
veiling:A light gauzy fabric used for veils.
veils:Cover with a veil.
vein:Any of the tubes forming part of the blood circulation system of the body, carrying in most cases oxygen-depleted blood toward the heart.
veined:Marked with or as if with veins.
veins:Any of the tubes forming part of the blood circulation system of the body, carrying in most cases oxygen-depleted blood towards the heart.
velar:A velar sound.
veld:Open, uncultivated country or grassland in southern Africa. It is conventionally classified by altitude into highveld, middleveld, and lowveld.
veldt:Open, uncultivated country or grassland in southern Africa. It is conventionally divided by altitude into highveld, middleveld, and lowveld.
vellum:Fine parchment made originally from the skin of a calf.
velocipede:An early form of bicycle propelled by working pedals on cranks fitted to the front axle.
velocities:The speed of something in a given direction.
velocity:The speed of something in a given direction.
velodrome:A cycle-racing track, typically with steeply banked curves.
velour:A plush woven fabric resembling velvet, chiefly used for soft furnishings, casual clothing, and hats.
velum:A membrane or membranous structure, typically covering another structure or partly obscuring an opening.
velvet:A closely woven fabric of silk, cotton, or nylon, that has a thick short pile on one side.
velveteen:A cotton fabric with a pile resembling velvet.
velveteens:A cotton fabric with a pile resembling velvet.
velvety:Having a smooth, soft appearance, feel, or taste.
venal:Showing or motivated by susceptibility to bribery.
vend:Offer (small items, especially food) for sale, especially either from a stall or from a slot machine.
venders:A person or company offering something for sale, especially a trader in the street.
vendetta:A blood feud in which the family of a murdered person seeks vengeance on the murderer or the murderer's family.
vendettas:A blood feud in which the family of a murdered person seeks vengeance on the murderer or the murderer's family.
vending:Offer (small items) for sale, either from a stall or from a slot machine.
vendor:A person or company offering something for sale, especially a trader in the street.
vendors:A person or company offering something for sale, especially a trader in the street.
vends:Offer (small items) for sale, either from a stall or from a slot machine.
veneer:Cover (something) with a decorative layer of fine wood.
veneered:Cover (something) with a decorative layer of fine wood.
veneers:Cover (something) with a decorative layer of fine wood.
venerable:Accorded a great deal of respect, especially because of age, wisdom, or character.
venerate:Regard with great respect; revere.
venerated:Regard with great respect; revere.
venerates:Regard with great respect; revere.
venerating:Regard with great respect; revere.
veneration:Great respect; reverence.
venereal:Relating to sexual desire or sexual intercourse.
venetian:A native or citizen of Venice.
vengeance:Punishment inflicted or retribution exacted for an injury or wrong.
vengeful:Seeking to harm someone in return for a perceived injury.
venial:Denoting a sin that is not regarded as depriving the soul of divine grace.
venice:A city in northeastern Italy, on a lagoon of the Adriatic Sea, capital of Venetia region; population 270,098 (2008). It is built on numerous islands that are separated by canals and linked by bridges.
venison:Meat from a deer.
venom:A poisonous substance secreted by animals such as snakes, spiders, and scorpions and typically injected into prey or aggressors by biting or stinging.
venomous:(of an animal, especially a snake) secreting venom, or capable of injecting venom by means of a bite or sting.
venoms:A poisonous substance secreted by animals such as snakes, spiders, and scorpions and typically injected into prey or aggressors by biting or stinging.
venose:Of, relating to, or having veins; of the nature of a vein; contained in veins; venous. Also (especially of a part of the fruiting body of a fungus): having folds or markings resembling veins.
venous:Relating to a vein or the veins.
vent:Give free expression to (a strong emotion)
vented:Having an opening or openings, especially to allow air to pass out.
ventilate:Cause air to enter and circulate freely in (a room, building, etc.)
ventilated:Cause air to enter and circulate freely in (a room, building, etc.)
ventilating:Cause air to enter and circulate freely in (a room, building, etc.)
ventilation:The provision of fresh air to a room, building, etc.
ventilator:An appliance or aperture for ventilating a room or other space.
ventilators:An appliance or aperture for ventilating a room or other space.
venting:Give free expression to (a strong emotion)
ventral:Of, on, or relating to the underside of an animal or plant; abdominal.
ventricle:A hollow part or cavity in an organ.
ventricles:A hollow part or cavity in an organ.
ventriloquist:A person who can speak or utter sounds so that they seem to come from somewhere else, especially an entertainer who makes their voice appear to come from a dummy of a person or animal.
ventriloquists:A person, especially an entertainer, who can make their voice appear to come from somewhere else, typically a dummy of a person or animal.
ventriloquy:The art or practice of making one's voice appear to come from somewhere else, typically a dummy of a person or animal.
vents:Give free expression to (a strong emotion)
venture:A risky or daring journey or undertaking.
ventured:Undertake a risky or daring journey or course of action.
venturer:A person who undertakes or shares in a trading venture.
ventures:Undertake a risky or daring journey or course of action.
venturesome:Willing to take risks or embark on difficult or unusual courses of action.
venturing:Undertake a risky or daring journey or course of action.
venue:The place where something happens, especially an organized event such as a concert, conference, or sports event.
venues:The place where something happens, especially an organized event such as a concert, conference, or sports competition.
venus:The second planet from the sun in the solar system, the brightest celestial object after the sun and moon and frequently appearing in the twilight sky as the evening or morning star.
veracity:Conformity to facts; accuracy.
veranda:A roofed platform along the outside of a house, level with the ground floor.
verandah:A roofed platform along the outside of a house, level with the ground floor.
verandahs:A roofed platform along the outside of a house, level with the ground floor.
verandas:A roofed platform along the outside of a house, level with the ground floor.
verb:Use (a word that is not conventionally used as a verb, typically a noun) as a verb.
verbal:A word or words functioning as a verb.
verbalise:Express (ideas or feelings) in words, especially by speaking out loud.
verbally:By means of words.
verbals:Attribute a damaging statement to (a suspect), especially dishonestly.
verbatim:In exactly the same words as were used originally.
verbiage:Speech or writing that uses too many words or excessively technical expressions.
verbose:Using or expressed in more words than are needed.
verbosity:The quality of using more words than needed; wordiness.
verbs:Use (a word that is not conventionally used as a verb, typically a noun) as a verb.
verdant:(of countryside) green with grass or other rich vegetation.
verdict:A decision on a disputed issue in a civil or criminal case or an inquest.
verdicts:A decision on an issue of fact in a civil or criminal case or an inquest.
verdigris:A bright bluish-green encrustation or patina formed on copper or brass by atmospheric oxidation, consisting of basic copper carbonate.
verdure:Lush green vegetation.
verge:An edge or border.
verged:Be very close or similar to.
verger:An official in a church who acts as a caretaker and attendant.
verges:Be very close or similar to.
verging:Be very close or similar to.
verifiable:Able to be checked or demonstrated to be true, accurate, or justified.
verification:The process of establishing the truth, accuracy, or validity of something.
verifications:The process of establishing the truth, accuracy, or validity of something.
verified:Make sure or demonstrate that (something) is true, accurate, or justified.
verifies:Make sure or demonstrate that (something) is true, accurate, or justified.
verify:Make sure or demonstrate that (something) is true, accurate, or justified.
verifying:Make sure or demonstrate that (something) is true, accurate, or justified.
verily:Truly; certainly.
verisimilitude:The appearance of being true or real.
veritable:Used as an intensifier, often to qualify a metaphor.
verities:A true principle or belief, especially one of fundamental importance.
verity:A true principle or belief, especially one of fundamental importance.
vermilion:A brilliant red pigment made from mercury sulfide (cinnabar).
vermin:Wild animals that are believed to be harmful to crops, farm animals, or game, or that carry disease, e.g., rodents.
vernacular:The language or dialect spoken by the ordinary people in a particular country or region.
vernal:Of, in, or appropriate to spring.
vernier:A small movable graduated scale for obtaining fractional parts of subdivisions on a fixed main scale of a barometer, sextant, or other measuring instrument.
verona:A city on the Adige River, in northeastern Italy; population 265,368 (2008).
versatile:Able to adapt or be adapted to many different functions or activities.
versatility:Ability to adapt or be adapted to many different functions or activities.
verse:Writing arranged with a metrical rhythm, typically having a rhyme.
versed:Experienced or skilled in; knowledgeable about.
verses:Speak in or compose verse; versify.
versicle:A short sentence said or sung by the minister in a church service, to which the congregation gives a response.
version:Create a new version of.
versions:Create a new version of.
versus:Against (especially in sports and legal use)
vertebra:Each of the series of small bones forming the backbone, having several projections for articulation and muscle attachment, and a hole through which the spinal cord passes.
vertebrae:Each of the series of small bones forming the backbone, having several projections for articulation and muscle attachment, and a hole through which the spinal cord passes.
vertebral:Relating to the vertebrae.
vertebrate:An animal of a large group distinguished by the possession of a backbone or spinal column, including mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fishes.
vertebrates:An animal of a large group distinguished by the possession of a backbone or spinal column, including mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fishes.
vertex:The highest point; the top or apex.
vertical:A vertical line or plane.
vertically:At right angles to a horizontal plane; aligned in such a way that the top is directly above the bottom.
verticals:A vertical line or plane.
vertices:The highest point; the top or apex.
vertiginous:Causing vertigo, especially by being extremely high or steep.
vertigo:A sensation of whirling and loss of balance, associated particularly with looking down from a great height, or caused by disease affecting the inner ear or the vestibular nerve; giddiness.
verve:Vigor and spirit or enthusiasm.
very:In a high degree.
vesicle:A small fluid-filled bladder, sac, cyst, or vacuole within the body.
vesicles:A small fluid-filled bladder, sac, cyst, or vacuole within the body.
vespers:A service of evening prayer in the Divine Office of the Western Christian Church (sometimes said earlier in the day).
vessel:A ship or large boat.
vessels:A ship or large boat.
vest:Confer or bestow (power, authority, property, etc.) on someone.
vestal:A Vestal Virgin.
vested:Secured in the possession of or assigned to a person.
vestibular:Relating to a vestibule, particularly that of the inner ear, or more generally to the sense of balance.
vestibule:An antechamber, hall, or lobby next to the outer door of a building.
vestibules:An antechamber, hall, or lobby next to the outer door of a building.
vestige:A trace of something that is disappearing or no longer exists.
vestiges:A trace or remnant of something that is disappearing or no longer exists.
vestigial:Forming a very small remnant of something that was once much larger or more noticeable.
vesting:The conveying to an employee of unconditional entitlement to a share in a pension fund.
vestment:A chasuble or other robe worn by the clergy or choristers during services.
vestments:A chasuble or other robe worn by the clergy or choristers during services.
vestry:A room or building attached to a church, used as an office and for changing into vestments.
vests:Confer or bestow (power, authority, property, etc.) on someone.
vesuvius:An active volcano near Naples, in southern Italy, 4,190 feet (1,277 m) high. A violent eruption in AD 79 buried the towns of Pompeii and Herculaneum.
vet:Make a careful and critical examination of (something)
veteran:A person who has had long experience in a particular field.
veterans:A person who has had long experience in a particular field.
veterinary:A veterinarian.
veto:Exercise a veto against (a decision or proposal made by a law-making body)
vetoed:Exercise a veto against (a decision or proposal)
vetoing:Exercise a veto against (a decision or proposal)
vets:Make a careful and critical examination of (something)
vetted:Make a careful and critical examination of (something)
vetting:The process of carefully and critically examining something.
vex:Make (someone) feel annoyed, frustrated, or worried, especially with trivial matters.
vexation:The state of being annoyed, frustrated, or worried.
vexatious:Causing or tending to cause annoyance, frustration, or worry.
vexed:(of a problem or issue) difficult and much debated; problematic.
vexes:Make (someone) feel annoyed, frustrated, or worried, especially with trivial matters.
vexing:Causing annoyance, frustration, or worry.
via:Traveling through (a place) en route to a destination.
viability:Ability to work successfully.
viable:Capable of working successfully; feasible.
viaduct:A long bridge-like structure, typically a series of arches, carrying a road or railroad across a valley or other low ground.
viaducts:A long bridge-like structure, typically a series of arches, carrying a road or railway across a valley or other low ground.
vial:A small container, typically cylindrical and made of glass, used especially for holding liquid medicines.
vials:A small container, typically cylindrical and made of glass, used especially for holding liquid medicines.
vibes:Enjoy oneself by listening to or dancing to popular music.
vibrancy:The state of being full of energy and life.
vibrant:Full of energy and enthusiasm.
vibrate:Move or cause to move continuously and rapidly to and fro.
vibrated:Move continuously and rapidly to and fro.
vibrates:Move continuously and rapidly to and fro.
vibrating:Move continuously and rapidly to and fro.
vibration:An instance of vibrating.
vibrations:An instance of vibrating.
vibrato:A rapid, slight variation in pitch in singing or playing some musical instruments, producing a stronger or richer tone.
vibrator:A device used for massage or sexual stimulation.
vibrators:A device used for massage or sexual stimulation.
vibratory:Relating to or causing vibration.
vicar:(in the Roman Catholic Church) a representative or deputy of a bishop.
vicarage:The residence of a vicar.
vicarages:The residence of a vicar.
vicarious:Experienced in the imagination through the feelings or actions of another person.
vicariously:In a way that is experienced in the imagination through the actions of another person.
vicars:(in the Church of England) an incumbent of a parish where tithes formerly passed to a chapter or religious house or layperson.
vice:Immoral or wicked behavior.
viceroy:A ruler exercising authority in a colony on behalf of a sovereign.
viceroys:A ruler exercising authority in a colony on behalf of a sovereign.
vices:Immoral or wicked behaviour.
vicinities:The area near or surrounding a particular place.
vicinity:The area near or surrounding a particular place.
vicious:Deliberately cruel or violent.
viciously:In a cruel or violent manner.
viciousness:Deliberate cruelty or violence.
vicissitude:A change of circumstances or fortune, typically one that is unwelcome or unpleasant.
vicissitudes:A change of circumstances or fortune, typically one that is unwelcome or unpleasant.
victim:A person harmed, injured, or killed as a result of a crime, accident, or other event or action.
victimisation:The action of singling someone out for cruel or unjust treatment.
victimise:Single (someone) out for cruel or unjust treatment.
victimised:Single (someone) out for cruel or unjust treatment.
victimises:Single (someone) out for cruel or unjust treatment.
victimising:Single (someone) out for cruel or unjust treatment.
victimless:Denoting a crime in which there is no injured party.
victims:A person harmed, injured, or killed as a result of a crime, accident, or other event or action.
victor:A person who defeats an enemy or opponent in a battle, game, or other competition.
victoria:A light four-wheeled horse-drawn carriage with a collapsible hood, seats for two passengers, and an elevated driver's seat in front.
victories:An act of defeating an enemy or opponent in a battle, game, or other competition.
victorious:Having won a victory; triumphant.
victors:A person who defeats an enemy or opponent in a battle, game, or other competition.
victory:An act of defeating an enemy or opponent in a battle, game, or other competition.
victualling:Provide with food or other stores.
victuals:Provide with food or other stores.
video:Record on videotape.
videoconferencing:Telecommunication in the form of a videoconference.
videodisc:A CD-ROM or other disk used to store visual images and sound.
videoed:Make a video recording of (something broadcast on television)
videoing:Make a video recording of (something broadcast on television)
videophone:A telephone device transmitting and receiving a visual image as well as sound.
videos:Make a video recording of (something broadcast on television)
videotape:Make a video recording of (an event or broadcast)
videotaped:Recorded on videotape.
videotapes:Magnetic tape for recording and reproducing visual images and sound.
videotaping:Magnetic tape for recording and reproducing visual images and sound.
vie:Compete eagerly with someone in order to do or achieve something.
vied:Compete eagerly with someone in order to do or achieve something.
vienna:The capital of Austria, in the northeastern part of the country on the Danube River; population 1,661,206 (2006). From 1278 to 1918 it was the seat of the Habsburgs and has long been a center of the arts, especially music. Mozart, Beethoven, and the Strauss family were among the composers who lived and worked there.
vies:Compete eagerly with someone in order to do or achieve something.
view:Look at or inspect (something)
viewable:Able to be looked at or inspected.
viewed:Look at or inspect.
viewer:A person who looks at or inspects something.
viewers:A person who looks at or inspects something.
viewfinder:A device on a camera showing the field of view of the lens, used in framing and focusing the picture.
viewfinders:A device on a camera showing the field of view of the lens, used in framing and focusing the picture.
viewing:The action of inspecting or looking at something.
viewpoints:A position giving a good view.
views:Look at or inspect.
vigil:A period of keeping awake during the time usually spent asleep, especially to keep watch or pray.
vigilance:The action or state of keeping careful watch for possible danger or difficulties.
vigilant:Keeping careful watch for possible danger or difficulties.
vigilante:A member of a self-appointed group of citizens who undertake law enforcement in their community without legal authority, typically because the legal agencies are thought to be inadequate.
vigilantes:A member of a self-appointed group of citizens who undertake law enforcement in their community without legal authority, typically because the legal agencies are thought to be inadequate.
vigils:A period of keeping awake during the time usually spent asleep, especially to keep watch or pray.
vignette:Portray (someone) in the style of a vignette.
vignettes:Portray (someone) in the style of a vignette.
vigorous:Strong, healthy, and full of energy.
vigorously:In a way that involves physical strength, effort, or energy; strenuously.
vigour:Physical strength and good health.
viking:Any of the Scandinavian seafaring pirates and traders who raided and settled in many parts of northwestern Europe in the 8th–11th centuries.
vikings:Any of the Scandinavian seafaring pirates and traders who raided and settled in many parts of north-western Europe in the 8th–11th centuries.
vile:Extremely unpleasant.
viler:Extremely unpleasant.
vilest:Extremely unpleasant.
vilification:Abusively disparaging speech or writing.
vilified:Speak or write about in an abusively disparaging manner.
vilify:Speak or write about in an abusively disparaging manner.
vilifying:Speak or write about in an abusively disparaging manner.
villa:(especially in continental Europe) a large and luxurious country residence.
village:A group of houses and associated buildings, larger than a hamlet and smaller than a town, situated in a rural area.
villager:A person who lives in a village.
villagers:A person who lives in a village.
villages:A group of houses and associated buildings, larger than a hamlet and smaller than a town, situated in a rural area.
villain:(in a film, novel, or play) a character whose evil actions or motives are important to the plot.
villainous:Relating to, constituting, or guilty of wicked or criminal behavior.
villains:(in a film, novel, or play) a character whose evil actions or motives are important to the plot.
villainy:Wicked or criminal behavior.
villas:(especially in continental Europe) a large and luxurious country house in its own grounds.
vim:Energy; enthusiasm.
vindicate:Clear (someone) of blame or suspicion.
vindicated:Clear (someone) of blame or suspicion.
vindicates:Clear (someone) of blame or suspicion.
vindicating:Clear (someone) of blame or suspicion.
vindication:The action of clearing someone of blame or suspicion.
vindictive:Having or showing a strong or unreasoning desire for revenge.
vine:A climbing or trailing woody-stemmed plant of the grape family.
vinegar:A sour-tasting liquid containing acetic acid, obtained by fermenting dilute alcoholic liquids, typically wine, cider, or beer, and used as a condiment or for pickling.
vinegars:A sour-tasting liquid containing acetic acid, obtained by fermenting dilute alcoholic liquids, typically wine, cider, or beer, and used as a condiment or for pickling.
vines:A climbing or trailing woody-stemmed plant related to the grapevine.
vineyard:A plantation of grapevines, typically producing grapes used in winemaking.
vineyards:A plantation of grapevines, typically producing grapes used in winemaking.
vino:Wine, especially that which is cheap or of inferior quality.
vintage:The year or place in which wine, especially wine of high quality, was produced.
vintages:The year or place in which wine, especially wine of high quality, was produced.
vintner:A wine merchant.
vinyl:Synthetic resin or plastic consisting of polyvinyl chloride or a related polymer, used for wallpapers and other covering materials and for records.
vinyls:Synthetic resin or plastic consisting of polyvinyl chloride or a related polymer, used for wallpapers and other covering materials and for records.
viol:A musical instrument of the Renaissance and baroque periods, typically six-stringed, held vertically and played with a bow.
viola:An instrument of the violin family, larger than the violin and tuned a fifth lower.
violas:An instrument of the violin family, larger than the violin and tuned a fifth lower.
violate:Break or fail to comply with (a rule or formal agreement)
violated:Break or fail to comply with (a rule or formal agreement)
violates:Break or fail to comply with (a rule or formal agreement)
violating:Break or fail to comply with (a rule or formal agreement)
violation:The action of violating someone or something.
violations:The action of violating someone or something.
violator:A person who breaks or fails to comply with a rule or formal agreement.
violators:A person who breaks or fails to comply with a rule or formal agreement.
violence:Behavior involving physical force intended to hurt, damage, or kill someone or something.
violent:Using or involving physical force intended to hurt, damage, or kill someone or something.
violently:Using physical force intended to hurt, damage, or kill someone or something.
violet:A herbaceous plant of temperate regions, typically having purple, blue, or white five-petaled flowers, one of which forms a landing pad for pollinating insects.
violets:A herbaceous plant of temperate regions, typically having purple, blue, or white five-petalled flowers, one petal of which forms a landing pad for pollinating insects.
violin:A stringed musical instrument of treble pitch, played with a horsehair bow. The classical European violin was developed in the 16th century. It has four strings and a body of characteristic rounded shape, narrowed at the middle and with two f-shaped sound holes.
violinist:A person who plays the violin.
violinists:A person who plays the violin.
violins:A stringed musical instrument of treble pitch, played with a horsehair bow. The classical European violin was developed in the 16th century. It has four strings and a body of characteristic rounded shape, narrowed at the middle and with two f-shaped soundholes.
violist:A viola player.
viper:A venomous snake with large hinged fangs, typically having a broad head and stout body, with dark patterns on a lighter background.
vipers:A venomous snake with large hinged fangs, typically having a broad head and stout body, with dark patterns on a lighter background.
virago:A domineering, violent, or bad-tempered woman.
viral:An image, video, advertisement, etc., that is circulated rapidly on the internet.
virgil:(70–19 BC), Roman poet; Latin name Publius Vergilius Maro. He wrote three major works: the Eclogues, ten pastoral poems, blending traditional themes of Greek bucolic poetry with contemporary political and literary themes; the Georgics, a didactic poem on farming; and the Aeneid.
virgin:A person who has never had sexual intercourse.
virginal:An early spinet with the strings parallel to the keyboard, typically rectangular, and popular in 16th and 17th century houses.
virginia:A state of the eastern US, on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean; population 7,769,089 (est. 2008); capital, Richmond. It was the site of the first permanent European settlement in North America in 1607, and was named in honor of Elizabeth I, the “Virgin Queen”. It became one of the original thirteen states of the Union in 1788.
virginity:The state of never having had sexual intercourse.
virgins:A person who has never had sexual intercourse.
virile:Having strength, energy, and a strong sex drive (typically used of a man)
virility:(in a man) the quality of having strength, energy, and a strong sex drive; manliness.
virology:The branch of science that deals with the study of viruses.
virtual:Almost or nearly as described, but not completely or according to strict definition.
virtually:Nearly; almost.
virtue:Behavior showing high moral standards.
virtues:Behaviour showing high moral standards.
virtuosi:A person highly skilled in music or another artistic pursuit.
virtuosic:Displaying or characterized by exceptional technical skill in music or another artistic pursuit.
virtuosity:Great skill in music or another artistic pursuit.
virtuoso:A person highly skilled in music or another artistic pursuit.
virtuous:Having or showing high moral standards.
virulence:The severity or harmfulness of a disease or poison.
virulent:(of a disease or poison) extremely severe or harmful in its effects.
virus:An infective agent that typically consists of a nucleic acid molecule in a protein coat, is too small to be seen by light microscopy, and is able to multiply only within the living cells of a host.
viruses:An infective agent that typically consists of a nucleic acid molecule in a protein coat, is too small to be seen by light microscopy, and is able to multiply only within the living cells of a host.
visa:An endorsement on a passport indicating that the holder is allowed to enter, leave, or stay for a specified period of time in a country.
visage:A person's face, with reference to the form or proportions of the features.
visas:An endorsement on a passport indicating that the holder is allowed to enter, leave, or stay for a specified period of time in a country.
viscose:A viscous orange-brown solution obtained by treating cellulose with sodium hydroxide and carbon disulfide, used as the basis of manufacturing rayon fiber and transparent cellulose film.
viscosity:The state of being thick, sticky, and semifluid in consistency, due to internal friction.
viscount:A British nobleman ranking above a baron and below an earl.
viscounts:A British nobleman ranking above a baron and below an earl.
viscous:Having a thick, sticky consistency between solid and liquid; having a high viscosity.
vise:A metal tool with movable jaws that are used to hold an object firmly in place while work is done on it, typically attached to a workbench.
visibility:The state of being able to see or be seen.
visible:Able to be seen.
visibly:In a way that is visible to the eye.
vision:Imagine.
visionaries:A person with original ideas about what the future will or could be like.
visionary:A person with original ideas about what the future will or could be like.
visions:Imagine.
visit:Go to see and spend time with (someone) socially.
visitant:A supernatural being or agency; an apparition.
visitation:(in church use) an official visit of inspection, especially one by a bishop to a church in the bishop's diocese.
visitations:The appearance of a divine or supernatural being.
visited:Go to see and spend time with (someone) socially.
visiting:(of a person) on a visit to a person or place.
visitor:A person visiting a person or place, especially socially or as a tourist.
visitors:A person visiting someone or somewhere, especially socially or as a tourist.
visits:Go to see and spend time with (someone) socially.
visor:A stiff brim at the front of a cap.
visors:A movable part of a helmet that can be pulled down to cover the face.
vista:A pleasing view, especially one seen through a long, narrow opening.
vistas:A pleasing view.
visual:A picture, piece of film, or display used to illustrate or accompany something.
visualisation:The representation of an object, situation, or set of information as a chart or other image.
visualise:Form a mental image of; imagine.
visualised:Form a mental image of; imagine.
visualising:Form a mental image of; imagine.
visually:In a way that relates to seeing or sight.
visuals:A picture, piece of film, or display used to illustrate or accompany something.
vital:The body's important internal organs, especially the gut or the genitalia.
vitalise:Give strength and energy to.
vitality:The state of being strong and active; energy.
vitally:In a way that is absolutely necessary or essential.
vitals:The body's important internal organs.
vitamin:Any of a group of organic compounds which are essential for normal growth and nutrition and are required in small quantities in the diet because they cannot be synthesized by the body.
vitamins:Any of a group of organic compounds which are essential for normal growth and nutrition and are required in small quantities in the diet because they cannot be synthesized by the body.
vitiate:Spoil or impair the quality or efficiency of.
vitiated:Spoil or impair the quality or efficiency of.
vitiates:Spoil or impair the quality or efficiency of.
vitiating:Spoil or impair the quality or efficiency of.
vitreous:Like glass in appearance or physical properties.
vitrified:Convert (something) into glass or a glasslike substance, typically by exposure to heat.
vitriol:Cruel and bitter criticism.
vitriolic:Filled with bitter criticism or malice.
vituperate:Blame or insult (someone) in strong or violent language.
vituperation:Bitter and abusive language.
vituperative:Bitter and abusive.
viva:Subject (someone) to an oral examination.
vivacious:Attractively lively and animated (typically used of a woman)
vivacity:(especially in a woman) the quality of being attractively lively and animated.
vivid:Producing powerful feelings or strong, clear images in the mind.
vividly:In a way that produces powerful feelings or strong, clear images in the mind.
vivified:Make more lively or interesting; enliven.
vivisected:(used only by opponents of the practice) perform vivisection on (an animal)
vivisection:The practice of performing operations on live animals for the purpose of experimentation or scientific research (used only by people who are opposed to such work)
vixen:A female fox.
vixens:A female fox.
vizier:A high official in some Muslim countries, especially in Turkey under Ottoman rule.
vocabularies:The body of words used in a particular language.
vocabulary:The body of words used in a particular language.
vocal:A part of a piece of music that is sung.
vocalise:A singing exercise using individual syllables or vowel sounds to develop flexibility and control of pitch and tone.
vocalised:A singing exercise using individual syllables or vowel sounds to develop flexibility and control of pitch and tone.
vocalising:A singing exercise using individual syllables or vowel sounds to develop flexibility and control of pitch and tone.
vocalist:A singer, typically one who regularly performs with a jazz or pop group.
vocalists:A singer, typically one who regularly performs with a jazz or pop group.
vocally:Using the voice.
vocals:A part of a piece of music that is sung.
vocation:A strong feeling of suitability for a particular career or occupation.
vocational:Relating to an occupation or employment.
vocations:A strong feeling of suitability for a particular career or occupation.
vocative:A word in the vocative case.
vociferous:(especially of a person or speech) vehement or clamorous.
vociferously:In a loud and forceful manner.
vodka:An alcoholic spirit of Russian origin made by distillation of rye, wheat, or potatoes.
vogue:The prevailing fashion or style at a particular time.
voice:Express (something) in words.
voiced:Speaking or singing with a voice of a specified kind.
voiceless:Mute; speechless.
voices:Express (something) in words.
voicing:Express (something) in words.
void:Declare that (something) is not valid or legally binding.
voided:(of a bearing) having the central area cut away so as to show the field.
voiding:Declare that (something) is not valid or legally binding.
voids:Declare that (something) is not valid or legally binding.
voile:A thin, semitransparent fabric of cotton, wool, or silk.
volatile:A volatile substance.
volatiles:A volatile substance.
volatility:Liability to change rapidly and unpredictably, especially for the worse.
volcanic:Relating to or produced by a volcano or volcanoes.
volcanism:Volcanic activity or phenomena.
volcano:A mountain or hill, typically conical, having a crater or vent through which lava, rock fragments, hot vapor, and gas are being or have been erupted from the earth's crust.
vole:A small, typically burrowing, mouse-like rodent with a rounded muzzle, found in both Eurasia and North America.
voles:A small, typically burrowing, mouse-like rodent with a rounded muzzle, found in both Eurasia and North America.
volga:The longest river in Europe, rising in northwestern Russia and flowing east for 2,292 miles (3,688 km) to Kazan, where it turns southeast to the Caspian Sea. It has been dammed at several points to provide hydroelectric power and is navigable for most of its length.
volition:The faculty or power of using one's will.
volley:(in sports, especially tennis or soccer) strike or kick (the ball) before it touches the ground.
volleyball:A game for two teams, usually of six players, in which a large ball is hit by hand over a high net, the aim being to score points by making the ball reach the ground on the opponent's side of the court.
volleyed:(in sport, especially tennis or soccer) strike or kick (the ball) before it touches the ground.
volleying:(in sport, especially tennis or soccer) strike or kick (the ball) before it touches the ground.
volleys:(in sport, especially tennis or soccer) strike or kick (the ball) before it touches the ground.
volt:The SI unit of electromotive force, the difference of potential that would drive one ampere of current against one ohm resistance.
voltage:An electromotive force or potential difference expressed in volts.
voltages:An electromotive force or potential difference expressed in volts.
voltmeter:An instrument for measuring electric potential in volts.
volts:The SI unit of electromotive force, the difference of potential that would carry one ampere of current against one ohm resistance.
volubility:The quality of talking fluently, readily, or incessantly; talkativeness.
voluble:(of a person) talking fluently, readily, or incessantly.
volume:A book forming part of a work or series.
volumes:A book forming part of a work or series.
volumetric:Relating to the measurement of volume.
voluminous:(of clothing or drapery) loose and ample.
voluntarily:Of one's own free will.
voluntary:An organ solo played before, during, or after a church service.
volunteer:A person who freely offers to take part in an enterprise or undertake a task.
volunteered:Freely offer to do something.
volunteering:Freely offer to do something.
volunteers:Freely offer to do something.
voluptuous:Curvaceous and sexually attractive (typically used of a woman).
volute:A spiral scroll characteristic of Ionic capitals and also used in Corinthian and composite capitals.
vomit:Eject matter from the stomach through the mouth.
vomited:Eject matter from the stomach through the mouth.
vomiting:Eject matter from the stomach through the mouth.
vomits:Eject matter from the stomach through the mouth.
voodoo:Affect (someone) by the practice of voodoo.
voracious:Wanting or devouring great quantities of food.
vortex:A mass of whirling fluid or air, especially a whirlpool or whirlwind.
vortexes:A whirling mass of fluid or air, especially a whirlpool or whirlwind.
vortices:A whirling mass of fluid or air, especially a whirlpool or whirlwind.
vorticity:A whirling motion of fluid or air.
vote:A formal indication of a choice between two or more candidates or courses of action, expressed typically through a ballot or a show of hands or by voice.
voted:Give or register a vote.
voter:A person who votes or has the right to vote at an election.
voters:A person who votes or has the right to vote at an election.
votes:Give or register a vote.
voting:Give or register a vote.
votive:An object offered in fulfillment of a vow, such as a candle used as a vigil light.
vouch:Assert or confirm as a result of one's own experience that something is true or accurately so described.
vouched:Assert or confirm as a result of one's own experience that something is true or accurately so described.
voucher:A small printed piece of paper that entitles the holder to a discount, or that may be exchanged for goods or services.
vouchers:A small printed piece of paper that entitles the holder to a discount, or that may be exchanged for goods or services.
vouches:Assert or confirm as a result of one's own experience that something is true or accurately so described.
vouchsafe:Give or grant (something) to (someone) in a gracious or condescending manner.
vouchsafed:Give or grant (something) to (someone) in a gracious or condescending manner.
vouchsafing:Give or grant (something) to (someone) in a gracious or condescending manner.
vow:Solemnly promise to do a specified thing.
vowed:Solemnly promise to do a specified thing.
vowel:A speech sound which is produced by comparatively open configuration of the vocal tract, with vibration of the vocal cords but without audible friction, and which is a unit of the sound system of a language that forms the nucleus of a syllable.
vowels:A speech sound which is produced by comparatively open configuration of the vocal tract, with vibration of the vocal cords but without audible friction, and which is a unit of the sound system of a language that forms the nucleus of a syllable.
vowing:Solemnly promise to do a specified thing.
vows:Solemnly promise to do a specified thing.
voyage:Go on a long journey, typically by sea or in space.
voyaged:Go on a voyage.
voyages:Go on a voyage.
voyaging:Go on a voyage.
voyeur:A person who gains sexual pleasure from watching others when they are naked or engaged in sexual activity.
voyeurism:The practice of gaining sexual pleasure from watching others when they are naked or engaged in sexual activity.
voyeuristic:Relating to or denoting sexual pleasure gained from watching others when they are naked or engaged in sexual activity.
voyeurs:A person who gains sexual pleasure from watching others when they are naked or engaged in sexual activity.
vulcan:The god of fire.
vulcanise:Harden (rubber or a similar material) by treating it with sulphur at a high temperature.
vulcanised:Harden (rubber or a similar material) by treating it with sulphur at a high temperature.
vulcanism:Volcanic activity or phenomena.
vulgar:Lacking sophistication or good taste; unrefined.
vulgarity:The state or quality of being vulgar.
vulgate:The principal Latin version of the Bible, prepared mainly by St. Jerome in the late 4th century, and (as revised in 1592) adopted as the official text for the Roman Catholic Church.
vulnerabilities:The quality or state of being exposed to the possibility of being attacked or harmed, either physically or emotionally.
vulnerability:The quality or state of being exposed to the possibility of being attacked or harmed, either physically or emotionally.
vulnerable:Susceptible to physical or emotional attack or harm.
vulpine:Relating to a fox or foxes.
vulture:A large bird of prey with the head and neck more or less bare of feathers, feeding chiefly on carrion and reputed to gather with others in anticipation of the death of a sick or injured animal or person.
vultures:A large bird of prey with the head and neck more or less bare of feathers, feeding chiefly on carrion and reputed to gather with others in anticipation of the death of a sick or injured animal or person.
vulva:The female external genitals.
wackier:Funny or amusing in a slightly odd or peculiar way.
wacky:Funny or amusing in a slightly odd or peculiar way.
wad:Compress (a soft material) into a lump or mass.
wadding:Soft, thick material used to line garments or pack fragile items, especially absorbent cotton.
waddle:Walk with short steps and a clumsy swaying motion.
waddled:Walk with short steps and a clumsy swaying motion.
waddles:Walk with short steps and a clumsy swaying motion.
waddling:Walk with short steps and a clumsy swaying motion.
wade:Walk with effort through water or another liquid or viscous substance.
waded:Walk with effort through water or another liquid or viscous substance.
wader:A wading bird of the order Ciconiiformes, which comprises the herons, storks, and ibises.
waders:A wading bird of the order Charadriiformes, which comprises the sandpipers, plovers, and related birds.
wades:Walk with effort through water or another liquid or viscous substance.
wadi:(in certain Arabic-speaking countries) a valley, ravine, or channel that is dry except in the rainy season.
wading:Walk with effort through water or another liquid or viscous substance.
wadis:(in certain Arabic-speaking countries) a valley, ravine, or channel that is dry except in the rainy season.
wads:Compress (a soft material) into a lump or mass.
wafer:Fasten or seal (a letter or document) with a wafer.
wafers:Fasten or seal (a letter or document) with a wafer.
waffle:Fail to make up one's mind.
waffled:Speak or write at length in a vague or trivial manner.
waffles:Speak or write at length in a vague or trivial manner.
waft:Pass or cause to pass easily or gently through or as if through the air.
wafted:(with reference to a scent, sound, etc.) pass or cause to pass gently through the air.
wafting:(with reference to a scent, sound, etc.) pass or cause to pass gently through the air.
wafts:(with reference to a scent, sound, etc.) pass or cause to pass gently through the air.
wag:(with reference to an animal's tail) move or cause to move rapidly to and fro.
wage:Carry on (a war or campaign)
waged:Having or relating to regular paid employment.
wager:Risk (a sum of money or valued item) against someone else's on the basis of the outcome of an unpredictable event; bet.
wagered:Risk (a sum of money or valued item) against someone else's on the basis of the outcome of an unpredictable event; bet.
wagers:Risk (a sum of money or valued item) against someone else's on the basis of the outcome of an unpredictable event; bet.
wages:Carry on (a war or campaign)
wagged:(especially with reference to an animal's tail) move or cause to move rapidly to and fro.
waggery:Waggish behavior or remarks; jocularity.
wagging:(especially with reference to an animal's tail) move or cause to move rapidly to and fro.
waggish:Humorous in a playful, mischievous, or facetious manner.
waggle:Move or cause to move with short quick movements from side to side or up and down.
waggled:Move or cause to move with short quick movements from side to side or up and down.
waggles:Move or cause to move with short quick movements from side to side or up and down.
waggling:Move or cause to move with short quick movements from side to side or up and down.
waggly:Moving with quick short movements from side to side or up and down.
waggoners:The driver of a horse-drawn wagon.
waggons:A vehicle used for transporting goods or another specified purpose.
waging:Carry on (a war or campaign)
wagon:A vehicle used for transporting goods or another specified purpose.
wagons:A vehicle used for transporting goods or another specified purpose.
wags:(especially with reference to an animal's tail) move or cause to move rapidly to and fro.
wagtail:A slender Eurasian and African songbird with a long tail that is frequently wagged up and down, typically living by water.
wagtails:A slender Eurasian and African songbird with a long tail that is frequently wagged up and down, typically living by water.
waif:A homeless, neglected, or abandoned person, especially a child.
waifs:A homeless, neglected, or abandoned person, especially a child.
wail:A prolonged high-pitched cry of pain, grief, or anger.
wailed:Utter a wail.
wailing:Crying with pain, grief, or anger.
wails:Utter a wail.
wainscot:Line (a room or wall) with wooden paneling.
wainscoting:Wooden paneling that lines the lower part of the walls of a room.
waist:The part of the human body below the ribs and above the hips.
waistband:A strip of cloth forming the waist of a garment such as a skirt or a pair of trousers.
waistcoat:A vest, especially one worn by men over a shirt and under a jacket.
waistcoats:A close-fitting waist-length garment, typically having no sleeves or collar and buttoning down the front, worn especially by men over a shirt and under a jacket.
waistline:An imaginary line around a person's body at the waist, especially with respect to its size.
waists:The part of the human body below the ribs and above the hips, often narrower than the areas above and below.
wait:Stay where one is or delay action until a particular time or until something else happens.
waited:Stay where one is or delay action until a particular time or event.
waiter:A man whose job is to serve customers at their tables in a restaurant.
waiters:A man whose job is to serve customers at their tables in a restaurant.
waiting:The action of staying where one is or delaying action until a particular time or until something else happens.
waitress:A woman whose job is to serve customers at their tables in a restaurant.
waitresses:A woman whose job is to serve customers at their tables in a restaurant.
waits:Stay where one is or delay action until a particular time or event.
waive:Refrain from insisting on or using (a right or claim)
waived:Refrain from insisting on or using (a right or claim)
waiver:An act or instance of waiving a right or claim.
waivers:An act or instance of waiving a right or claim.
waives:Refrain from insisting on or using (a right or claim)
waiving:Refrain from insisting on or using (a right or claim)
wake:Emerge or cause to emerge from a state of sleep; stop sleeping.
waked:Emerge or cause to emerge from sleep; stop sleeping.
wakeful:(of a person) unable or not needing to sleep.
wakes:Emerge or cause to emerge from sleep; stop sleeping.
waking:The state of being awake.
wales:A country of Great Britain and the United Kingdom, to the west of central England; population 2,993,000 (est. 2008); capital, Cardiff.
walk:Move at a regular pace by lifting and setting down each foot in turn, never having both feet off the ground at once.
walkable:(of an area or route) suitable or safe for walking.
walkabout:An informal stroll among a crowd conducted by an important visitor.
walkabouts:An informal stroll among a crowd conducted by an important visitor.
walked:Move at a regular pace by lifting and setting down each foot in turn, never having both feet off the ground at once.
walker:A person who walks, especially for exercise or enjoyment.
walkers:A person who walks, especially for exercise or enjoyment.
walking:Move at a regular pace by lifting and setting down each foot in turn, never having both feet off the ground at once.
walkout:A sudden angry departure, especially as a protest or strike.
walkover:An easy victory.
walks:Move at a regular pace by lifting and setting down each foot in turn, never having both feet off the ground at once.
walkway:A passage or path for walking along, especially a raised passageway connecting different sections of a building or a wide path in a park or garden.
walkways:A passage or path for walking along, especially a raised passageway connecting different sections of a building or a wide path in a park or garden.
wall:Enclose (an area) within walls, especially to protect it or lend it some privacy.
wallabies:An Australasian marsupial that is similar to, but smaller than, a kangaroo.
wallaby:An Australasian marsupial that is similar to, but smaller than, a kangaroo.
wallchart:A chart or poster for display on a wall as a teaching aid or source of information.
walled:(of an area) enclosed within walls, especially for protection or privacy.
wallet:A pocket-sized, flat, folding holder for money and plastic cards.
wallets:A pocket-sized flat folding case for holding money and plastic cards.
wallflower:A southern European plant of the cabbage family, with fragrant yellow, orange-red, dark red, or brown flowers, cultivated for its early spring blooming.
wallflowers:A southern European plant with fragrant yellow, orange-red, dark red, or brown flowers that bloom in early spring.
walling:A length of wall.
wallop:Strike or hit (someone or something) very hard.
wallow:(chiefly of large mammals) roll about or lie relaxed in mud or water, especially to keep cool, avoid biting insects, or spread scent.
wallowed:(chiefly of large mammals) roll about or lie in mud or water, especially to keep cool or avoid biting insects.
wallowing:(chiefly of large mammals) roll about or lie in mud or water, especially to keep cool or avoid biting insects.
wallows:(chiefly of large mammals) roll about or lie in mud or water, especially to keep cool or avoid biting insects.
wallpaper:Apply wallpaper to (a wall or room)
wallpapering:Apply wallpaper to (a wall or room)
wallpapers:Apply wallpaper to (a wall or room)
walls:Enclose (an area) within walls, especially for protection or privacy.
walnut:The large wrinkled edible seed of a deciduous tree, consisting of two halves contained within a hard shell which is enclosed in a green fruit.
walnuts:The large wrinkled edible seed of a deciduous tree, consisting of two halves contained within a hard shell which is enclosed in a green fruit.
walrus:A large gregarious marine mammal related to the eared seals, having two large downward-pointing tusks and found in the Arctic Ocean.
walruses:A large gregarious marine mammal related to the eared seals, having two large downward-pointing tusks and found in the Arctic Ocean.
waltz:A dance in triple time performed by a couple, who as a pair turn rhythmically around and around as they progress around the dance floor.
waltzed:Dance a waltz.
waltzes:Dance a waltz.
waltzing:Dance a waltz.
wan:(of a person's complexion or appearance) pale and giving the impression of illness or exhaustion.
wand:A long, thin stick or rod.
wander:Walk or move in a leisurely, casual, or aimless way.
wandered:Walk or move in a leisurely or aimless way.
wanderer:A person who travels aimlessly.
wanderers:A person who travels aimlessly.
wandering:Traveling aimlessly from place to place; itinerant.
wanderings:Leisurely or aimless travels; journeys from place to place.
wanderlust:A strong desire to travel.
wanders:Walk or move in a leisurely or aimless way.
wands:A long, thin stick or rod.
wane:(of the moon) have a progressively smaller part of its visible surface illuminated, so that it appears to decrease in size.
waned:(of the moon) have a progressively smaller part of its visible surface illuminated, so that it appears to decrease in size.
wanes:(of the moon) have a progressively smaller part of its visible surface illuminated, so that it appears to decrease in size.
waning:(of the moon) have a progressively smaller part of its visible surface illuminated, so that it appears to decrease in size.
want:Have a desire to possess or do (something); wish for.
wanted:Have a desire to possess or do (something); wish for.
wanting:Lacking in a certain required or necessary quality.
wanton:A sexually unrestrained woman.
wantonly:In a deliberate and unprovoked way.
wants:Have a desire to possess or do (something); wish for.
wapiti:another term for elk
wapitis:A red deer of a large race native to North America.
war:A state of armed conflict between different nations or states or different groups within a nation or state.
warble:(of a bird) sing softly and with a succession of constantly changing notes.
warbled:(of a bird) sing softly and with a succession of constantly changing notes.
warbler:Any of a number of small insectivorous songbirds that typically have a warbling song.
warblers:Any of a number of small insectivorous songbirds that typically have a warbling song.
warbles:(of a bird) sing softly and with a succession of constantly changing notes.
warbling:(of a bird) sing softly and with a succession of constantly changing notes.
ward:Guard; protect.
warded:Admit to or care for in a hospital ward.
warden:A person responsible for the supervision of a particular place or thing or for ensuring that regulations associated with it are obeyed.
wardens:A person responsible for the supervision of a particular place or activity or for enforcing the regulations associated with it.
warder:A guard in a prison.
warders:A guard in a prison.
warding:Admit to or care for in a hospital ward.
wardrobe:A large, tall cabinet in which clothes may be hung or stored.
wardrobes:A large, tall cupboard or recess in which clothes may be hung or stored.
wards:Admit to or care for in a hospital ward.
ware:Pottery, typically that of a specified type.
warehouse:Store (goods) in a warehouse.
warehoused:Store (goods) in a warehouse.
warehouseman:A person who is employed in, manages, or owns a warehouse.
warehousemen:A person who is employed in, manages, or owns a warehouse.
warehouses:Store (goods) in a warehouse.
warehousing:The practice or process of storing goods in a warehouse.
wares:Pottery, typically that of a specified type.
warfare:Engagement in or the activities involved in war or conflict.
warhead:The explosive head of a missile, torpedo, or similar weapon.
warheads:The explosive head of a missile, torpedo, or similar weapon.
warhorse:(in historical contexts) a large, powerful horse ridden in battle.
warhorses:(in historical contexts) a powerful horse ridden in a battle.
wariest:Feeling or showing caution about possible dangers or problems.
warily:Cautiously; carefully.
wariness:Caution about possible dangers or problems.
warlike:Disposed toward or threatening war; hostile.
warlock:A man who practices witchcraft; a sorcerer.
warlocks:A man who practises witchcraft; a sorcerer.
warlord:A military commander, especially an aggressive regional commander with individual autonomy.
warlords:A military commander, especially an aggressive regional commander with individual autonomy.
warm:Make or become warm.
warmed:Make or become warm.
warmer:A device for warming something; a thing that warms.
warmers:A device for warming something; a thing that warms.
warmest:Make or become warm.
warmhearted:(of a person or their actions) sympathetic and kind.
warming:Make or become warm.
warmly:In a way that gives out warmth; with comfortable heat.
warmonger:A person who encourages or advocates aggression towards other countries or groups.
warms:Make or become warm.
warmth:The quality, state, or sensation of being warm; moderate and comfortable heat.
warmup:A period or act of preparation for a match, performance, or exercise session, involving gentle exercise or practice.
warn:Inform someone in advance of an impending or possible danger, problem, or other unpleasant situation.
warned:Inform someone in advance of a possible danger, problem, or other unpleasant situation.
warning:A statement or event that indicates a possible or impending danger, problem, or other unpleasant situation.
warningly:In a warning, threatening, or cautionary manner.
warnings:A statement or event that warns of something or that serves as a cautionary example.
warns:Inform someone in advance of a possible danger, problem, or other unpleasant situation.
warp:Become or cause to become bent or twisted out of shape, typically as a result of the effects of heat or dampness.
warpaint:A pigment or paint traditionally used in some societies, especially those of North American Indians, to decorate the face and body before battle.
warpath:A hostile or confrontational course of action.
warped:Bent or twisted out of shape, typically as a result of the effects of heat or damp.
warping:Make or become bent or twisted out of shape, typically as a result of the effects of heat or damp.
warplanes:An aeroplane designed and equipped to engage in air combat or to drop bombs.
warps:Make or become bent or twisted out of shape, typically as a result of the effects of heat or damp.
warrant:Justify or necessitate (a certain course of action)
warranted:Justify or necessitate (a course of action)
warranties:A written guarantee, issued to the purchaser of an article by its manufacturer, promising to repair or replace it if necessary within a specified period of time.
warranting:Justify or necessitate (a course of action)
warrants:Justify or necessitate (a course of action)
warranty:A written guarantee, issued to the purchaser of an article by its manufacturer, promising to repair or replace it if necessary within a specified period of time.
warred:Engage in a war.
warren:A network of interconnecting rabbit burrows.
warrens:A network of interconnecting rabbit burrows.
warring:(of two or more people or groups) in conflict with each other.
warrior:(especially in former times) a brave or experienced soldier or fighter.
warriors:(especially in former times) a brave or experienced soldier or fighter.
wars:Engage in a war.
warsaw:The capital of Poland, in the eastern central part of the country, on the Vistula River; population 1,704,717 (2007). The city suffered severe damage and the loss of 700,000 lives during World War II and was almost completely rebuilt. Polish name Warszawa.
warship:A ship equipped with weapons and designed to take part in warfare at sea.
warships:A ship equipped with weapons and designed to take part in warfare at sea.
wart:A small, hard, benign growth on the skin, caused by a virus.
warthog:An African wild pig with bristly gray skin, a large head, warty lumps on the face, and curved tusks.
warthogs:An African wild pig with a large head, warty lumps on the face, and curved tusks.
wartime:A period during which a war is taking place.
warts:A small, hard, benign growth on the skin, caused by a virus.
wary:Feeling or showing caution about possible dangers or problems.
wash:Clean with water and, typically, soap or detergent.
washable:(especially of fabric or clothes) able to be washed without shrinkage or other damage.
washbasin:A sink or basin, typically fixed to a wall or on a pedestal, used for washing one's hands and face.
washbasins:A basin, typically fixed to a wall or on a pedestal, used for washing one's hands and face.
washboard:A board made of ridged wood or a sheet of corrugated zinc, used when washing clothes as a surface against which to scrub them.
washday:A day on which a household's clothes, bed linens, etc., are washed, especially when the same day each week.
washed:Clean with water and, typically, soap or detergent.
washer:A person or device that washes something.
washers:A person or device that washes something.
washerwoman:A woman whose occupation is washing clothes.
washerwomen:A woman whose occupation is washing clothes.
washes:Clean with water and, typically, soap or detergent.
washing:The action of washing oneself or laundering clothes, bed linen, etc.
washington:A state of the northwestern US, on the coast of the Pacific Ocean; population 6,549,224 (est. 2008); capital, Olympia. It became the 42nd state in 1889.
washout:An event or period that is spoiled by constant or heavy rain.
washstand:A piece of furniture designed to hold a jug, bowl, or basin for the purpose of washing one's hands and face.
washy:(of food or drink) too watery.
wasp:A social winged insect that has a narrow waist and a sting. It constructs a paper nest from wood pulp and raises the larvae on a diet of insects.
waspish:Readily expressing anger or irritation.
wasps:A social winged insect which has a narrow waist and a sting and is typically yellow with black stripes. It constructs a paper nest from wood pulp and raises the larvae on a diet of insects.
wast:archaic or dialect second person singular past of be
wastage:The action or process of losing or destroying something by using it carelessly or extravagantly.
waste:Use or expend carelessly, extravagantly, or to no purpose.
wasted:Used or expended carelessly, extravagantly, or to no purpose.
wasteful:(of a person, action, or process) using or expending something of value carelessly, extravagantly, or to no purpose.
wasteland:An unused area of land that has become barren or overgrown.
waster:A wasteful person or thing.
wasters:A wasteful person or thing.
wastes:Use or expend carelessly, extravagantly, or to no purpose.
wasting:Causing a person or a part of the body to become progressively weaker and more emaciated.
wastrel:A wasteful or good-for-nothing person.
watch:Look at or observe attentively over a period of time.
watchable:(of a film or television program) moderately enjoyable to watch.
watchdog:Maintain surveillance over (a person, activity, or situation)
watchdogs:Monitor (a person, activity, or situation)
watched:Look at or observe attentively over a period of time.
watcher:A person who observes something attentively or regularly.
watchers:A person who observes something attentively or regularly.
watches:Look at or observe attentively over a period of time.
watchful:Watching or observing someone or something closely; alert and vigilant.
watching:Look at or observe attentively over a period of time.
watchmaker:A person who makes and repairs watches and clocks.
watchmakers:A person who makes and repairs watches and clocks.
watchman:A man employed to look after an empty building, especially at night.
watchmen:A man employed to look after an empty building, especially at night.
watchtower:A tower built to create an elevated observation point.
watchtowers:A tower built to create an elevated observation point.
watchword:A word or phrase expressing a person's or group's core aim or belief.
watchwords:A word or phrase expressing a person's or group's core aim or belief.
water:Pour or sprinkle water over (a plant or area) in order to encourage plant growth.
waterbed:A bed with a water-filled rubber or plastic mattress.
waterbeds:A bed with a water-filled rubber or plastic mattress.
watercolour:Artists' paint made with a water-soluble binder such as gum arabic, and thinned with water rather than oil, giving a transparent colour.
watercolours:Artists' paint made with a water-soluble binder such as gum arabic, and thinned with water rather than oil, giving a transparent colour.
watercooled:(especially of a machine) cooled by the circulation of water.
watercourse:A brook, stream, or artificially constructed water channel.
watercourses:A brook, stream, or artificially constructed water channel.
watercress:A cress that grows in running water and whose pungent leaves are used in salad.
watered:Pour or sprinkle water over (a plant or area) in order to encourage plant growth.
waterfall:A cascade of water falling from a height, formed when a river or stream flows over a precipice or steep incline.
waterfalls:A cascade of water falling from a height, formed when a river or stream flows over a precipice or steep incline.
waterfowl:Ducks, geese, or other large aquatic birds, especially when regarded as game.
waterfront:A part of a town that borders a body of water.
waterhole:A depression in which water collects, especially one from which animals regularly drink.
waterholes:A depression in which water collects, especially one that is regularly drunk from by animals.
watering:Pour or sprinkle water over (a plant or area) in order to encourage plant growth.
waterline:The level normally reached by the water on the side of a ship.
waterlogged:Saturated with or full of water.
waterloo:An industrial and commercial city in northeastern Iowa; population 66,662 (est. 2008).
waterman:A boatman.
watermark:Mark with a watermark.
watermarks:Mark (paper) with a watermark.
watermelon:The large fruit of a plant of the gourd family, with smooth green skin, red pulp, and watery juice.
watermelons:The large fruit of a plant of the gourd family, with smooth green skin, red pulp, and watery juice.
watermen:A boatman.
watermill:A mill worked by a waterwheel.
watermills:A mill worked by a waterwheel.
waterproof:Make impervious to water.
waterproofed:Make impervious to water.
waterproofing:Make impervious to water.
waterproofs:Make impervious to water.
waters:Pour or sprinkle water over (a plant or area) in order to encourage plant growth.
watershed:An area or ridge of land that separates waters flowing to different rivers, basins, or seas.
watersheds:An area or ridge of land that separates waters flowing to different rivers, basins, or seas.
waterside:The edge of or area adjoining a sea, lake, or river.
waterskiing:Skim the surface of water on waterskis.
waterspouts:A rotating column of water and spray formed by a whirlwind occurring over the sea or other body of water.
watertight:Closely sealed, fastened, or fitted so that no water enters or passes through.
waterway:A river, canal, or other route for travel by water.
waterways:A river, canal, or other route for travel by water.
waterwheel:A large wheel driven by flowing water, used to work machinery or to raise water to a higher level.
waterwheels:A large wheel driven by flowing water, used to work machinery or to raise water to a higher level.
waterworks:An establishment for managing a water supply.
watery:Consisting of, containing, or resembling water.
watt:The SI unit of power, equivalent to one joule per second, corresponding to the power in an electric circuit in which the potential difference is one volt and the current one ampere.
wattage:A measure of electrical power expressed in watts.
wattle:Make, enclose, or fill up with wattle.
watts:A district in southern Los Angeles in California, home to much of the black population of the city.
wave:Move one's hand to and fro in greeting or as a signal.
waveband:A range of wavelengths falling between two given limits, used in radio transmission.
wavebands:A range of wavelengths falling between two given limits, used in radio transmission.
waved:Move one's hand to and fro in greeting or as a signal.
waveform:A curve showing the shape of a wave at a given time.
waveforms:A curve showing the shape of a wave at a given time.
wavefront:A surface containing points affected in the same way by a wave at a given time.
waveguide:A metal tube or other device confining and conveying microwaves.
waveguides:A metal tube or other device confining and conveying microwaves.
wavelength:The distance between successive crests of a wave, especially points in a sound wave or electromagnetic wave.A wavelength as a distinctive feature of radio waves from a transmitter.
wavelengths:The distance between successive crests of a wave, especially points in a sound wave or electromagnetic wave.A wavelength as a distinctive feature of radio waves from a transmitter.
wavelet:A small wave of water; a ripple.
wavelets:A small wave of water; a ripple.
waver:Shake with a quivering motion.
wavered:Move in a quivering way; flicker.
wavering:Moving in a quivering way; flickering.
wavers:Move in a quivering way; flicker.
waves:The women's section of the US Naval Reserve, established in 1942, or, since 1948, of the US Navy.
wavier:Having a form or edge that smoothly curves in and out.
waviest:Having a form or edge that smoothly curves in and out.
waving:Moving one's hand to and fro in greeting or as a signal.
wavy:Having a form or edge that smoothly curves in and out.
wax:Cover or treat (something) with wax or a similar substance, typically to polish or protect it.
waxed:Cover or treat (something) with wax or a similar substance, typically to polish or protect it.
waxen:Having a smooth, pale, translucent surface or appearance like that of wax.
waxes:Cover or treat (something) with wax or a similar substance, typically to polish or protect it.
waxing:The process of removing unwanted hair from a part of the body by applying wax and peeling off the wax and hairs together.
waxwork:A lifelike dummy modeled in wax.
waxworks:A lifelike dummy modelled in wax.
waxy:Resembling wax in consistency or appearance.
way:At or to a considerable distance or extent; far (used before an adverb or preposition for emphasis)
wayout:Extremely unconventional, unusual, or avant-garde.
ways:At or to a considerable distance or extent; far (used before an adverb or preposition for emphasis)
wayside:The edge of a road.
wayward:Difficult to control or predict because of unusual or perverse behavior.
we:Used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself and one or more other people considered together.
weak:Lacking the power to perform physically demanding tasks; lacking physical strength and energy.
weaken:Make or become weaker in power, resolve, or physical strength.
weakened:Make or become weaker in power, resolve, or physical strength.
weakening:Make or become weaker in power, resolve, or physical strength.
weakens:Make or become weaker in power, resolve, or physical strength.
weaker:Lacking the power to perform physically demanding tasks; having little physical strength or energy.
weakest:Lacking the power to perform physically demanding tasks; having little physical strength or energy.
weakling:A person or animal that is physically weak and frail.
weaklings:A person or animal that is physically weak and frail.
weakly:In a way that lacks strength or force.
weakness:The state or condition of lacking strength.
weaknesses:The state or condition of being weak.
weal:A red, swollen mark left on flesh by a blow or pressure.
wealth:An abundance of valuable possessions or money.
wealthier:Having a great deal of money, resources, or assets; rich.
wealthiest:Having a great deal of money, resources, or assets; rich.
wealthy:Having a great deal of money, resources, or assets; rich.
wean:Accustom (an infant or other young mammal) to food other than its mother's milk.
weaned:Accustom (an infant or other young mammal) to food other than its mother's milk.
weaning:Accustom (an infant or other young mammal) to food other than its mother's milk.
weanling:A newly weaned animal.
weans:Accustom (an infant or other young mammal) to food other than its mother's milk.
weapon:A thing designed or used for inflicting bodily harm or physical damage.
weaponry:Weapons regarded collectively.
weapons:A thing designed or used for inflicting bodily harm or physical damage.
wear:Have on one's body or a part of one's body as clothing, decoration, protection, or for some other purpose.
wearable:An item that can be worn.
wearer:A person who is wearing something as clothing, decoration, or protection.
wearers:A person who is wearing something as clothing, decoration, or protection.
wearied:Cause to become tired.
wearier:Cause to become tired.
wearies:Cause to become tired.
weariest:Cause to become tired.
wearily:With extreme tiredness.
weariness:Extreme tiredness; fatigue.
wearing:Mentally or physically tiring.
wearisome:Causing one to feel tired or bored.
wears:Have (something) on one's body as clothing, decoration, or protection.
weary:Cause to become tired.
wearying:Causing tiredness; tiring.
weasel:A small, slender, carnivorous mammal related to, but generally smaller than, the stoat.
weaselling:Achieve something by use of cunning or deceit.
weasels:Achieve something by use of cunning or deceit.
weather:Wear away or change the appearance or texture of (something) by long exposure to the air.
weatherbound:Prevented by bad weather from travelling or proceeding with a course of action.
weathercock:A weathervane in the form of a rooster.
weathercocks:(of a boat or aircraft) tend to turn to head into the wind.
weathered:Worn by long exposure to the atmosphere; weather-beaten.
weathering:The process of wearing or being worn by long exposure to the atmosphere.
weatherman:A man who broadcasts a description and forecast of weather conditions.
weathermen:A man who broadcasts a description and forecast of weather conditions.
weatherproof:Make (something) resistant to the effects of bad weather, especially rain.
weathers:Wear away or change the appearance or texture of (something) by long exposure to the atmosphere.
weathervane:A revolving pointer to show the direction of the wind, typically mounted on top of a building.
weatherworn:Eroded or altered by being exposed to the weather.
weave:Form (fabric or a fabric item) by interlacing long threads passing in one direction with others at a right angle to them.
weaved:Form (fabric or a fabric item) by interlacing long threads passing in one direction with others at a right angle to them.
weaver:A person who weaves fabric.
weavers:A person who weaves fabric.
weaves:Form (fabric or a fabric item) by interlacing long threads passing in one direction with others at a right angle to them.
weaving:The craft or action of forming fabric by interlacing threads.
web:Cover with or as though with a web.
webbed:(of the feet of a swimming bird or other aquatic animal) having the toes connected by a membrane.
webbing:Strong, closely woven fabric used for straps, belts, etc., and for supporting the seats of upholstered chairs.
webby:Consisting of cobwebs or the silk of which they are made; resembling a cobweb. Also (and in earliest use): resembling woven material; specifically of the nature of webbing.
webs:Cover with or as though with a web.
website:A set of related web pages located under a single domain name, typically produced by a single person or organization.
wed:Get married to.
wedded:Relating to marriage.
wedding:A marriage ceremony, especially considered as including the associated celebrations.
weddings:A marriage ceremony, especially considered as including the associated celebrations.
wedge:Fix in position using a wedge.
wedged:Fix in position using a wedge.
wedges:Fix in position using a wedge.
wedging:Fix in position using a wedge.
wedlock:The state of being married.
weds:Get married to.
wee:Little.
weed:Remove unwanted plants from (an area of ground)
weeded:Remove unwanted plants from (an area of ground)
weedier:Containing or covered with many weeds.
weediest:Containing or covered with many weeds.
weeding:Remove unwanted plants from (an area of ground)
weedkiller:A substance used to destroy weeds.
weedkillers:A substance used to destroy weeds.
weedy:Containing or covered with many weeds.
week:A period of seven days.
weekday:A day of the week other than Saturday or Sunday.
weekdays:A day of the week other than Sunday or Saturday.
weekend:Spend a weekend somewhere.
weekenders:A person who spends time in a particular place only at weekends.
weekends:Spend a weekend somewhere.
weeklies:Once a week.
weekly:Once a week.
weeks:A period of seven days.
ween:Be of the opinion; think or suppose.
weeny:Tiny.
weep:Shed tears.
weeper:A person who weeps.
weeping:Shedding tears.
weeps:Shed tears.
weepy:A sentimental or emotional film, novel, or song.
weevil:A small beetle with an elongated snout, the larvae of which typically develop inside seeds, stems, or other plant parts. Many are pests of crops or stored foodstuffs.
weevils:A small beetle with an elongated snout, the larvae of which typically develop inside seeds, stems, or other plant parts. Many are pests of crops or stored foodstuffs.
weigh:Find out how heavy (someone or something) is, typically using scales.
weighbridge:A machine for weighing vehicles, set into the ground to be driven on to.
weighed:Find out how heavy (someone or something) is, typically using scales.
weighing:Find out how heavy (someone or something) is, typically using scales.
weighs:Find out how heavy (someone or something) is, typically using scales.
weight:Hold (something) down by placing a heavy object on top of it.
weighted:Hold (something) down by placing a heavy object on top of it.
weightier:Weighing a great deal; heavy.
weightiest:Weighing a great deal; heavy.
weighting:Allowance or adjustment made in order to take account of special circumstances or compensate for a distorting factor.
weightless:(of a body, especially in an orbiting spacecraft) not apparently acted on by gravity.
weightlessness:The state of apparently not being acted on by gravity; the state of being weightless.
weightlifting:The sport or activity of lifting barbells or other heavy weights. There are two standard lifts in modern weightlifting: the single-movement lift from floor to extended position (the snatch), and the two-movement lift from floor to shoulder position, and from shoulders to extended position (the clean and jerk).
weights:Hold (something) down by placing a heavy object on top of it.
weighty:Weighing a great deal; heavy.
weir:A low dam built across a river to raise the level of water upstream or regulate its flow.
weird:Induce a sense of disbelief or alienation in someone.
weirder:Induce a sense of disbelief or alienation in someone.
weirdest:Induce a sense of disbelief or alienation in someone.
weirdly:In a very strange or unexpected manner.
weirdness:The quality of being very strange.
weirdo:A person whose dress or behavior seems strange or eccentric.
weirs:A low dam built across a river to raise the level of water upstream or regulate its flow.
welcome:An instance or manner of greeting someone.
welcomed:Greet (someone arriving) in a polite or friendly way.
welcomes:Greet (someone arriving) in a polite or friendly way.
welcoming:Behaving in a polite or friendly way to a guest or new arrival.
weld:Join together (metal pieces or parts) by heating the surfaces to the point of melting using a blowtorch, electric arc, or other means, and uniting them by pressing, hammering, etc.
welded:Join together (metal parts) by heating the surfaces to the point of melting with a blowpipe, electric arc, or other means, and uniting them by pressing, hammering, etc.
welder:A person who welds metal.
welders:A person who welds metal.
welding:Join together (metal parts) by heating the surfaces to the point of melting with a blowpipe, electric arc, or other means, and uniting them by pressing, hammering, etc.
welds:Join together (metal parts) by heating the surfaces to the point of melting with a blowpipe, electric arc, or other means, and uniting them by pressing, hammering, etc.
welfare:The health, happiness, and fortunes of a person or group.
well:In a good or satisfactory way.
wellbeing:The state of being comfortable, healthy, or happy.
welled:In a good or satisfactory way.
wellhead:The place where a spring comes out of the ground.
welling:In a good or satisfactory way.
wellington:A knee-length waterproof rubber or plastic boot.
wellingtons:A knee-length waterproof rubber or plastic boot.
wells:In a good or satisfactory way.
welly:short for wellington
welsh:Fail to honour (a debt or obligation incurred through a promise or agreement)
welshman:A male native or inhabitant of Wales, or a man of Welsh descent.
welt:Provide with a welt.
welter:Move in a turbulent fashion.
weltering:Move in a turbulent fashion.
welters:Move in a turbulent fashion.
welterweight:A weight in boxing and other sports intermediate between lightweight and middleweight. In the amateur boxing scale it ranges from 140 to 147 pounds (63.5–67 kg).
welts:Provide with a welt.
wench:A girl or young woman.
wenches:(of a man) habitually associate with prostitutes.
wend:Go in a specified direction, typically slowly or by an indirect route.
wended:Go in a specified direction, typically slowly or by an indirect route.
wending:Go in a specified direction, typically slowly or by an indirect route.
wends:Go in a specified direction, typically slowly or by an indirect route.
went:Move from one place to another; travel.
wept:Shed tears.
werewolf:(in myth or fiction) a person who changes for periods of time into a wolf, typically when there is a full moon.
werewolves:(in folklore) a person who changes for periods of time into a wolf, typically when there is a full moon.
west:To or toward the west.
westbound:Leading or traveling toward the west.
westerly:In or toward a westward position or direction.
western:A film, television drama, or novel about cowboys in western North America, set especially in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
westerner:A native or inhabitant of the west, especially of western Europe or North America.
westerners:A native or inhabitant of the west, especially of western Europe or North America.
westernised:(of a country, person, or system) having adopted or been influenced by the cultural, economic, or political systems of Europe and North America.
westernmost:Situated furthest to the west.
westerns:A film, television drama, or novel about cowboys in western North America, set especially in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
westward:In a westerly direction.
westwards:In a westerly direction.
wet:Cover or touch with liquid; moisten.
wether:A castrated ram.
wetland:Land consisting of marshes or swamps; saturated land.
wetlands:Land consisting of marshes or swamps; saturated land.
wetness:The state or condition of being covered or saturated with water or another liquid; dampness.
wets:Cover or touch with liquid; moisten.
wetsuit:A close-fitting garment of neoprene or similar material typically covering most of the body but not designed to exclude water, worn for warmth in water sports or diving.
wetsuits:A close-fitting rubber garment typically covering the entire body, worn for warmth in water sports or diving.
wetted:Cover or touch with liquid; moisten.
wetter:Cover or touch with liquid; moisten.
wettest:Cover or touch with liquid; moisten.
wetting:The action of making something wet.
whack:Strike forcefully with a sharp blow.
whacked:Completely exhausted.
whacker:A person or thing that strikes something forcefully.
whacko:Used to express delight and enthusiasm.
whacks:Strike forcefully with a sharp blow.
whale:A very large marine mammal with a streamlined hairless body, a horizontal tail fin, and a blowhole on top of the head for breathing.
whalebone:An elastic horny substance which grows in a series of thin parallel plates in the upper jaw of some whales and is used by them to strain plankton from the seawater.
whaler:A whaling ship.
whalers:A whaling ship.
whales:A very large marine mammal with a streamlined hairless body, a horizontal tail fin, and a blowhole on top of the head for breathing.
whaling:The practice or industry of hunting and killing whales for their oil, meat, or whalebone.
wham:Strike something forcefully.
whap:Hit hard.
wharf:A level quayside area to which a ship may be moored to load and unload.
wharfs:A level quayside area to which a ship may be moored to load and unload.
wharves:A level quayside area to which a ship may be moored to load and unload.
what:Asking for information specifying something.
whatever:Said as a response indicating a reluctance to discuss something, implying indifference, skepticism, or exasperation.
whatnot:Used to refer to an item or items that are not identified but are felt to have something in common with items already named.
whatsoever:At all (used for emphasis)
wheals:Mark with a weal.
wheat:A cereal plant that is the most important kind grown in temperate countries, the grain of which is ground to make flour for bread, pasta, pastry, etc.
wheatears:A mainly Eurasian and African songbird related to the chats, with black and buff or black and white plumage and a white rump.
wheaten:(especially of bread) made of wheat.
wheatgerm:A nutritious foodstuff of a dry floury consistency consisting of the extracted embryos of grains of wheat.
wheats:A cereal which is the most important kind grown in temperate countries, the grain of which is ground to make flour for bread, pasta, pastry, etc.
whee:Used to express delight, excitement, or exhilaration.
wheedle:Use flattery or coaxing in order to persuade someone to do something or give one something.
wheedled:Use flattery or coaxing in order to persuade someone to do something or give one something.
wheedling:The action of flattering or coaxing someone in order to persuade them to do something or give one something.
wheel:Push or pull (a vehicle with wheels)
wheelbarrow:Carry (a load) in a wheelbarrow.
wheelbarrows:A small cart with a single wheel at the front and two supporting legs and two handles at the rear, used typically for carrying loads in building work or gardening.
wheelbase:The distance between the front and rear axles of a vehicle.
wheelchair:A chair fitted with wheels for use as a means of transport by a person who is unable to walk as a result of illness, injury, or disability.
wheelchairs:A chair fitted with wheels for use as a means of transport by a person who is unable to walk as a result of illness, injury, or disability.
wheeled:(of a vehicle or other object) having wheels to enable it to move over the ground.
wheeler:A vehicle having a specified number of wheels.
wheelers:A vehicle having a specified number of wheels.
wheelhouse:A part of a boat or ship serving as a shelter for the person at the wheel.
wheelie:A trick or maneuver whereby a bicycle or motorcycle is ridden for a short distance with the front wheel raised off the ground.
wheeling:A historic industrial city in northern West Virginia, on the Ohio River; population 28,913 (est. 2008).
wheels:Push or pull (a vehicle with wheels)
wheelwright:A person who makes or repairs wooden wheels.
wheelwrights:A person who makes or repairs wooden wheels.
wheeze:(of a person) breathe with a whistling or rattling sound in the chest, as a result of obstruction in the air passages.
wheezed:Breathe with a whistling or rattling sound in the chest, as a result of obstruction in the air passages.
wheezes:Breathe with a whistling or rattling sound in the chest, as a result of obstruction in the air passages.
wheezing:Breathing with a whistling or rattling sound in the chest.
wheezy:Making the sound of a person wheezing.
whelk:A predatory marine mollusk with a heavy pointed spiral shell, some kinds of which are edible.
whelks:A predatory marine mollusc with a heavy pointed spiral shell, some kinds of which are edible.
whelp:(of a female dog) give birth to (a puppy)
when:At what time.
whence:From what place or source.
whenever:Used for emphasis instead of “when” in questions, typically expressing surprise or confusion.
where:In or to what place or position.
whereabouts:Where or approximately where.
whereas:In contrast or comparison with the fact that.
whereby:By which.
wherefore:For what reason.
wherein:In which.
whereof:Of what or which.
whereon:On which.
whereto:To which.
whereupon:Immediately after which.
wherever:Used for emphasis instead of “where” in questions, typically expressing surprise or confusion.
wherewith:With or by which.
wherewithal:The money or other means needed for a particular purpose.
wherry:A light rowboat used chiefly for carrying passengers.
whet:Sharpen the blade of (a tool or weapon)
whether:Expressing a doubt or choice between alternatives.
whetstone:A fine-grained stone used for sharpening cutting tools.
whetstones:A fine-grained stone used for sharpening cutting tools.
whetted:Sharpen the blade of (a tool or weapon)
whetting:Sharpen the blade of (a tool or weapon)
whey:The watery part of milk that remains after the formation of curds.
which:Asking for information specifying one or more people or things from a definite set.
whichever:Used to emphasize a lack of restriction in selecting one of a definite set of alternatives.
whiff:Get a brief or faint smell of.
whiffs:Get a brief or faint smell of.
while:A period of time.
whiled:Pass time in a leisurely manner.
whiling:Pass time in a leisurely manner.
whilst:During which; while.
whim:A sudden desire or change of mind, especially one that is unusual or unexplained.
whimper:(of a person or animal) make a series of low, feeble sounds expressive of fear, pain, or discontent.
whimpered:Make a series of low, feeble sounds expressive of fear, pain, or unhappiness.
whimpering:The making of low, feeble sounds expressive of fear, pain, or unhappiness.
whimpers:Make a series of low, feeble sounds expressive of fear, pain, or unhappiness.
whims:A sudden desire or change of mind, especially one that is unusual or unexplained.
whimsical:Playfully quaint or fanciful, especially in an appealing and amusing way.
whimsy:Playfully quaint or fanciful behavior or humor.
whine:A long, high-pitched complaining cry.
whined:Give or make a long, high-pitched complaining cry or sound.
whines:Give or make a long, high-pitched complaining cry or sound.
whining:The making of a long, high-pitched cry or sound.
whinnied:(of a horse) make a whinny.
whinny:A gentle, high-pitched neigh.
whinnying:(of a horse) make a whinny.
whip:Beat (a person or animal) with a whip or similar instrument, especially as a punishment or to urge them on.
whipcord:Thin, tough, tightly twisted cord used for making the flexible end part of whips.
whiplash:Jerk or jolt (someone or something) suddenly, typically so as to cause injury.
whipped:Having been flogged or beaten with a whip.
whippet:A dog of a small, slender breed originally produced as a cross between the greyhound and the terrier or spaniel, bred for racing.
whippets:A dog of a small, slender breed originally produced as a cross between the greyhound and the terrier or spaniel, bred for racing.
whipping:A thrashing or beating with a whip or similar implement.
whippy:Flexible; springy.
whips:Beat (a person or animal) with a whip or similar instrument, especially as a punishment or to urge them on.
whir:(especially of a machine or a bird's wings) make a low, continuous, regular sound.
whirl:Move or cause to move rapidly around and around.
whirled:Move or cause to move rapidly round and round.
whirligig:A toy that spins around, for example, a top or a pinwheel.
whirling:Characterized by rapid movement round and round.
whirlpool:A rapidly rotating mass of water in a river or sea into which objects may be drawn, typically caused by the meeting of conflicting currents.
whirlpools:A quickly rotating mass of water in a river or sea into which objects may be drawn, typically caused by the meeting of conflicting currents.
whirls:Move or cause to move rapidly round and round.
whirlwind:A column of air moving rapidly around and around in a cylindrical or funnel shape.
whirlwinds:A column of air moving rapidly round and round in a cylindrical or funnel shape.
whirr:(of something rapidly rotating or moving to and fro) make a low, continuous, regular sound.
whirred:(of something rapidly rotating or moving to and fro) make a low, continuous, regular sound.
whirring:(of something rapidly rotating or moving to and fro) make a low, continuous, regular sound.
whisk:Take or move (someone or something) in a particular direction suddenly and quickly.
whisked:Take or move (someone or something) somewhere suddenly and quickly.
whisker:A long projecting hair or bristle growing from the face or snout of many mammals.
whiskers:A long projecting hair or bristle growing from the face or snout of many mammals.
whiskey:A spirit distilled from malted grain, especially barley or rye.
whiskies:A spirit distilled from malted grain, especially barley or rye.
whisking:Take or move (someone or something) somewhere suddenly and quickly.
whisks:Take or move (someone or something) somewhere suddenly and quickly.
whisky:A spirit distilled from malted grain, especially barley or rye.
whisper:Speak very softly using one's breath without one's vocal cords, especially for the sake of privacy.
whispered:Speak very softly using one's breath rather than one's throat, especially for the sake of secrecy.
whisperers:A person who whispers.
whispering:Speak very softly using one's breath rather than one's throat, especially for the sake of secrecy.
whispers:Speak very softly using one's breath rather than one's throat, especially for the sake of secrecy.
whist:A card game, usually for two pairs of players, in which points are scored according to the number of tricks won.
whistle:Emit a clear, high-pitched sound by forcing breath through a small hole between one's lips or teeth.
whistled:Emit a clear, high-pitched sound by forcing breath through a small hole between one's lips or teeth.
whistler:A person who whistles.
whistles:Emit a clear, high-pitched sound by forcing breath through a small hole between one's lips or teeth.
whistling:Emit a clear, high-pitched sound by forcing breath through a small hole between one's lips or teeth.
white:Paint or turn (something) white.
whitebait:The small silvery-white young of herrings, sprats, and similar marine fish, eaten in numbers as food.
whiteboards:A wipeable board with a white surface used for teaching or presentations.
whiten:Make or become white.
whitened:Make or become white.
whiteness:The property or quality of being white in color.
whitening:Make or become white.
whitens:Make or become white.
whiter:Paint or turn (something) white.
whites:Paint or turn (something) white.
whitest:Paint or turn (something) white.
whitewash:Paint (a wall, building, or room) with whitewash.
whitewashed:(of a wall, building, or room) painted with whitewash.
whitewashing:Paint (a wall, building, or room) with whitewash.
whither:To what place or state.
whiting:A slender-bodied marine fish of the cod family, which lives in shallow European waters and is a commercially important food fish.
whittle:Carve (wood) into an object by repeatedly cutting small slices from it.
whittled:Carve (wood) into an object by repeatedly cutting small slices from it.
whittling:Carve (wood) into an object by repeatedly cutting small slices from it.
whizz:Move quickly through the air with a whistling or buzzing sound.
whizzkid:A young person who is outstandingly skilful or successful at something.
who:What or which person or people.
whoa:Used to express surprise, interest, or alarm, or to command attention.
whodunit:A story or play about a murder in which the identity of the murderer is not revealed until the end.
whodunnit:A story or play about a murder in which the identity of the murderer is not revealed until the end.
whoever:The person or people who; any person who.
whole:Used to emphasize the novelty or distinctness of something.
wholefood:Food that has been processed or refined as little as possible and is free from additives or other artificial substances.
wholegrain:Made with or containing whole unprocessed grains of something.
wholehearted:Showing or characterized by complete sincerity and commitment.
wholeheartedly:With complete sincerity and commitment.
wholemeal:Wholemeal bread or flour.
wholeness:The state of forming a complete and harmonious whole; unity.
wholes:Used to emphasize the novelty or distinctness of something.
wholesale:The selling of goods in large quantities to be retailed by others.
wholesaler:A person or company that sells goods in large quantities at low prices, typically to retailers.
wholesalers:A person or company that sells goods in large quantities at low prices, typically to retailers.
wholesaling:Sell (goods) in large quantities at low prices, to be sold on at a profit.
wholesome:Conducive to or suggestive of good health and physical well-being.
wholewheat:Whole grains of wheat including the husk or outer layer.
wholly:Entirely; fully.
whom:Used instead of “who” as the object of a verb or preposition.
whomever:Used instead of “whoever” as the object of a verb or preposition.
whomsoever:Used instead of “whosoever” as the object of a verb or preposition.
whoop:A loud cry of joy or excitement.
whooped:Give or make a whoop.
whooping:Give or make a whoop.
whoops:another term for oops
whoosh:Move or cause to move quickly or suddenly with a rushing sound.
whop:Hit hard.
whore:A prostitute.
whorehouse:A brothel.
whores:Work as a prostitute.
whoring:The practice or occupation of working as a prostitute.
whorls:Spiral or move in a twisted and convoluted fashion.
whose:Belonging to or associated with which person.
why:A reason or explanation.
whys:A reason or explanation.
wick:Absorb or draw off (liquid) by capillary action.
wicked:Evil or morally wrong.
wickedest:Evil or morally wrong.
wickedly:In a way that is evil or morally wrong.
wickedness:The quality of being evil or morally wrong.
wicker:Pliable twigs, typically of willow, plaited or woven to make items such as furniture and baskets.
wickerwork:Wicker.
wicket:A small door or gate, especially one beside or in a larger one.An opening in a door or wall, often fitted with glass or a grille and used for selling tickets or a similar purpose.One of the wire hoops on a croquet course.
wicketkeeper:A fielder stationed close behind a batsman's wicket and typically equipped with gloves and pads.
wicketkeepers:A fielder stationed close behind a batsman's wicket and typically equipped with gloves and pads.
wickets:Each of the sets of three stumps with two bails across the top at either end of the pitch, defended by a batsman.
wicks:Absorb or draw off (liquid) by capillary action.
wide:To the full extent.
widely:Over a wide area or at a wide interval.
widen:Make or become wider.
widened:Make or become wider.
widening:Make or become wider.
widens:Make or become wider.
wider:To the full extent.
wides:To the full extent.
widescreen:A movie or television screen presenting a wide field of vision in relation to its height.
widespread:Found or distributed over a large area or number of people.
widest:To the full extent.
widgeon:A dabbling duck with mainly reddish-brown and grey plumage, the male having a whistling call.
widget:A small gadget or mechanical device, especially one whose name is unknown or unspecified.
widow:Become a widow or widower; lose one's spouse through death.
widowed:Having lost one's spouse by death and not married again.
widower:A man who has lost his spouse by death and has not remarried.
widowers:A man who has lost his spouse by death and has not married again.
widowhood:The state or period of being a widow or widower.
widows:Become a widow or widower; lose one's spouse through death.
width:The measurement or extent of something from side to side.
widths:The measurement or extent of something from side to side; the lesser of two or the least of three dimensions of a body.
wield:Hold and use (a weapon or tool)
wielded:Hold and use (a weapon or tool)
wielding:Hold and use (a weapon or tool)
wields:Hold and use (a weapon or tool)
wife:A married woman considered in relation to her spouse.
wifely:Characteristic of or relating to the role of a wife.
wig:A covering for the head made of real or artificial hair, typically worn by people for adornment or by people trying to conceal their baldness or in England by judges and barristers in courts of law.
wigeon:A dabbling duck with mainly reddish-brown and gray plumage, the male having a whistling call.
wigeons:A dabbling duck with mainly reddish-brown and grey plumage, the male having a whistling call.
wigging:A severe rebuke.
wiggle:Move or cause to move up and down or from side to side with small rapid movements.
wiggled:Move or cause to move up and down or from side to side with small rapid movements.
wiggler:A person or thing that wiggles or causes something to wiggle.
wiggles:Move or cause to move up and down or from side to side with small rapid movements.
wiggling:Move or cause to move up and down or from side to side with small rapid movements.
wigs:A covering for the head made of real or artificial hair, typically worn by judges and barristers in law courts or by people trying to conceal their baldness.
wigwam:A hut or tent with a domed or conical roof made by fastening bark, hides, or reed mats over a framework of poles (as used traditionally by some North American Indian peoples).
wigwams:A hut or tent with a domed or conical roof made by fastening bark, hides, or reed mats over a framework of poles (as used traditionally by some North American Indian peoples).
wild:Treat (a person or animal) harshly, so that they become untrusting or nervous.
wildcat:A small native Eurasian and African cat that is typically gray with black markings and a bushy tail, noted for its ferocity.
wildcats:Prospect for oil.
wildebeest:A large dark African antelope with a long head, a beard and mane, and a sloping back.
wilder:Cause to lose one's way; lead or drive astray.
wilderness:An uncultivated, uninhabited, and inhospitable region.
wildernesses:An uncultivated, uninhabited, and inhospitable region.
wildest:Treat (a person or animal) harshly, so that they become untrusting or nervous.
wildfire:A large, destructive fire that spreads quickly over woodland or brush.
wildfires:A large, destructive fire that spreads quickly over woodland or brush.
wildfowl:Game birds, especially aquatic ones; waterfowl.
wildlife:Wild animals collectively; the native fauna (and sometimes flora) of a region.
wildly:In a way that lacks discipline or restraint.
wildness:The character of being uncultivated, undomesticated, or inhospitable.
wilds:Treat (a person or animal) harshly, so that they become untrusting or nervous.
wile:Lure; entice.
wiles:Lure; entice.
wilful:(of a bad or harmful act) intentional; deliberate.
wilfully:With the intention of causing harm; deliberately.
wilier:Skilled at gaining an advantage, especially deceitfully.
wiliest:Skilled at gaining an advantage, especially deceitfully.
wiling:Lure; entice.
will:Expressing the future tense.
willed:Having a specified level of determination.
willing:Ready, eager, or prepared to do something.
willingly:Readily; of one's own free will.
willingness:The quality or state of being prepared to do something; readiness.
willow:A tree or shrub of temperate climates that typically has narrow leaves, bears catkins, and grows near water. Its pliant branches yield osiers for basketry, and its wood has various uses.
willows:A tree or shrub of temperate climates which typically has narrow leaves, bears catkins, and grows near water. Its pliant branches yield osiers for basketry, and the timber is traditionally used to make cricket bats.
willowy:Bordered, shaded, or covered by willows.
willpower:Control exerted to do something or restrain impulses.
wills:Expressing the future tense.
wilt:(of a plant, leaf, or flower) become limp through heat, loss of water, or disease; droop.
wilted:(of a plant, leaf, or flower) become limp through heat, loss of water, or disease; droop.
wilting:(of a plant, leaf, or flower) become limp through heat, loss of water, or disease; droop.
wilts:(of a plant, leaf, or flower) become limp through heat, loss of water, or disease; droop.
wily:Skilled at gaining an advantage, especially deceitfully.
wimp:A weak and cowardly or unadventurous person.
wimple:A cloth headdress covering the head, neck, and the sides of the face, formerly worn by women and still worn by some nuns.
wimpy:Weak and cowardly or feeble.
win:Be successful or victorious in (a contest or conflict)
wince:Give a slight involuntary grimace or shrinking movement of the body out of or in anticipation of pain or distress.
winced:Make a slight involuntary grimace or shrinking movement of the body out of pain or distress.
winces:Make a slight involuntary grimace or shrinking movement of the body out of pain or distress.
winch:Hoist or haul with a winch.
winched:Hoist or haul with a winch.
winches:Hoist or haul with a winch.
winching:Hoist or haul with a winch.
wincing:Reacting with a slight involuntary grimace or shrinking movement of the body.
wind:Cause (someone) to have difficulty breathing because of exertion or a blow to the stomach.
windbag:A person who talks at length but says little of value.
windbags:A person who talks at length but says little of any value.
windbreak:A thing, such as a row of trees or a fence, wall, or screen, that provides shelter or protection from the wind.
windcheater:A wind-resistant jacket with a close-fitting neck, waistband, and cuffs.
windcheaters:A wind-resistant jacket with a close-fitting neck, waistband, and cuffs.
winded:Having difficulty breathing because of exertion or a blow to the stomach.
winder:A device or mechanism used to wind something, especially something such as a watch or clock or the film in a camera.
winders:A device or mechanism used to wind something, especially something such as a watch or clock or the film in a camera.
windfall:An apple or other fruit blown down from a tree or bush by the wind.
windfalls:An apple or other fruit blown down from a tree or bush by the wind.
windier:Characterized by or exposed to strong winds.
windiest:Characterized by or exposed to strong winds.
winding:A twisting movement or course.
windings:A twisting movement or course.
windlass:Haul or lift (something) with a windlass.
windmill:(with reference to a person's arms) move or be moved around in a circle in a manner suggestive of the rotating sails or vanes of a windmill.
windmills:(with reference to a person's arms) move or be moved round in a circle in a manner suggestive of the rotating sails or vanes of a windmill.
window:An opening in the wall or roof of a building or vehicle that is fitted with glass or other transparent material in a frame to admit light or air and allow people to see out.
windowed:Having a window or windows for admitting light or air.
windowing:The use of windows for the simultaneous display of more than one item on a screen.
windowless:Having no windows.
windows:A computer operating system with a graphical user interface.
windpipe:The air passage from the throat to the lungs; the trachea.
winds:Cause (someone) to have difficulty breathing because of exertion or a blow to the stomach.
windscreen:A glass screen at the front of a motor vehicle; a windshield.
windscreens:A glass screen at the front of a motor vehicle.
windsock:A light, flexible cylinder or cone mounted on a mast to show the direction and strength of the wind, especially at an airfield.
windsor:A town in Berkshire, southern England, on the River Thames opposite Eton; population 31,800 (est. 2009).
windsurf:Engage in the sport or activity of riding on water on a sailboard.
windsurfer:A person who takes part in windsurfing.
windsurfers:A person who takes part in windsurfing.
windsurfing:The sport or activity of riding on water on a sailboard.
windswept:(of a place) exposed to strong winds.
windward:Toward the wind or on the side facing the wind.
windy:(of weather, a period of time, or a place) marked by or exposed to strong winds.
wine:Entertain someone by offering them drinks and a meal.
wined:Entertain someone by offering them drinks and a meal.
wineglass:A glass with a stem and foot, used for drinking wine.
winemakers:A producer of wine; a winegrower.
winery:An establishment where wine is made.
wines:Entertain someone by offering them drinks and a meal.
wineskin:An animal skin sewn up and used to hold wine.
wing:Travel on wings or by aircraft; fly.
winged:Having wings for flight.
winger:An attacking player on the wing in soccer, hockey, and other sports.
wingers:An attacking player on the wing in soccer, hockey, and other sports.
winging:Travel on wings or by aircraft; fly.
wings:Travel on wings or by aircraft; fly.
wingspan:The maximum extent across the wings of an aircraft or of a bird or other flying animal, measured from tip to tip.
wining:Entertain someone by offering them drinks and a meal.
wink:Close and open one eye quickly, typically to indicate that something is a joke or a secret or as a signal of affection or greeting.
winked:Close and open one eye quickly, typically to indicate that something is a joke or a secret or as a signal of affection or greeting.
winking:Close and open one eye quickly, typically to indicate that something is a joke or a secret or as a signal of affection or greeting.
winkle:Extract or obtain something with difficulty.
winkled:Extract or obtain something with difficulty.
winkles:Extract or obtain something with difficulty.
winks:Close and open one eye quickly, typically to indicate that something is a joke or a secret or as a signal of affection or greeting.
winnable:Able to be won or gained.
winner:A person or thing that wins something.
winners:A person or thing that wins something.
winning:Money won, especially by gambling.
winningly:Attractively; endearingly.
winnings:Money won, especially by gambling.
winnow:Blow a current of air through (grain) in order to remove the chaff.
winnowing:Blow a current of air through (grain) in order to remove the chaff.
wins:Be successful or victorious in (a contest or conflict)
winsome:Attractive or appealing in appearance or character.
winter:(especially of a bird) spend the winter in a particular place.
wintered:(especially of a bird) spend the winter in a particular place.
wintering:(especially of a bird) spend the winter in a particular place.
winters:(especially of a bird) spend the winter in a particular place.
wintertime:The season or period of winter.
wintery:Characteristic of winter, especially in feeling or looking very cold and bleak.
wintrier:Characteristic of winter, especially in feeling or looking very cold and bleak.
wintriest:Characteristic of winter, especially in feeling or looking very cold and bleak.
wintry:Characteristic of winter, especially in feeling or looking very cold and bleak.
wipe:Clean or dry (something) by rubbing its surface with a cloth, a piece of paper, or one's hand.
wiped:Clean or dry (something) by rubbing with a cloth, a piece of paper, or one's hand.
wiper:A windshield wiper.
wipers:A windscreen wiper.
wipes:Clean or dry (something) by rubbing with a cloth, a piece of paper, or one's hand.
wiping:Clean or dry (something) by rubbing with a cloth, a piece of paper, or one's hand.
wire:Install electric circuits or wires in.
wired:Making use of computers to transfer or receive information, especially by means of the internet.
wireless:Broadcasting, computer networking, or other communication using radio signals, microwaves, etc.
wires:Install electric circuits or wires in.
wirier:Resembling wire in form and texture.
wiriest:Resembling wire in form and texture.
wiring:A system of wires providing electric circuits for a device or building.
wiry:Resembling wire in form and texture.
wisdom:The quality of having experience, knowledge, and good judgment; the quality of being wise.
wise:Having or showing experience, knowledge, and good judgment.
wisecracks:Make a witty remark or joke.
wisely:In a way that shows experience, knowledge, and good judgment.
wiser:Having or showing experience, knowledge, and good judgement.
wisest:Having or showing experience, knowledge, and good judgement.
wish:Feel or express a strong desire or hope for something that is not easily attainable; want something that cannot or probably will not happen.
wishbone:A forked bone (the furcula) between the neck and breast of a bird. According to a popular custom, this bone from a cooked bird is broken by two people, with the holder of the longer portion being entitled to make a wish.
wished:Feel or express a strong desire or hope for something that cannot or probably will not happen.
wishes:Feel or express a strong desire or hope for something that cannot or probably will not happen.
wishful:Having or expressing a desire or hope for something to happen.
wishing:Feel or express a strong desire or hope for something that cannot or probably will not happen.
wisp:A small thin or twisted bunch, piece, or amount of something.
wisps:A small thin or twisted bunch, piece, or amount of something.
wispy:(of hair, threads, smoke, etc.) fine; feathery.
wistful:Having or showing a feeling of vague or regretful longing.
wistfully:With a feeling of vague or regretful longing.
wit:Mental sharpness and inventiveness; keen intelligence.
witch:Cast an evil spell on.
witchcraft:The practice of magic, especially for evil purposes; the use of spells.
witchery:The practice of magic.
witches:Cast an evil spell on.
witchhunt:A campaign directed against a person or group holding views considered unorthodox or a threat to society.
witchhunts:A campaign directed against a person or group holding views considered unorthodox or a threat to society.
with:Accompanied by (another person or thing)
withdraw:Remove or take away (something) from a particular place or position.
withdrawal:The action of withdrawing something.
withdrawing:Remove or take away (something) from a particular place or position.
withdrawn:past participle of withdraw
withdraws:Remove or take away (something) from a particular place or position.
withdrew:Remove or take away (something) from a particular place or position.
wither:(of a plant) become dry and shriveled.
withered:(of a plant) dry and shriveled.
withering:The action of becoming dry and shriveled.
withers:The highest part of a horse's back, lying at the base of the neck above the shoulders. The height of a horse is measured to the withers.
withheld:Refuse to give (something that is due to or is desired by another)
withhold:Refuse to give (something that is due to or is desired by another)
withholding:Refusal to give something that is due or desired.
withholds:Refuse to give (something that is due to or is desired by another)
within:Inside (something)
without:In the absence of.
withstand:Remain undamaged or unaffected by; resist.
withstanding:Remain undamaged or unaffected by; resist.
withstood:Remain undamaged or unaffected by; resist.
witless:Foolish; stupid.
witness:See (an event, typically a crime or accident) take place.
witnessed:See (an event, typically a crime or accident) happen.
witnesses:See (an event, typically a crime or accident) happen.
witnessing:See (an event, typically a crime or accident) happen.
wits:The capacity for inventive thought and quick understanding; keen intelligence.
witter:Speak at length about trivial matters.
witticism:A witty remark.
wittily:In a manner characterized by quick and inventive verbal humor.
witty:Showing or characterized by quick and inventive verbal humor.
wives:A married woman considered in relation to her spouse.
wizard:A man who has magical powers, especially in legends and fairy tales.
wizardry:The art or practice of magic.
wizards:(in legends and fairy tales) a man who has magical powers.
wizened:Shriveled or wrinkled with age.
woad:A yellow-flowered European plant of the cabbage family. It was formerly grown as a source of blue dye, which was extracted from the leaves after they had been dried, powdered, and fermented.
wobble:Move unsteadily from side to side.
wobbling:Move or cause to move unsteadily from side to side.
wobbly:Tending to move unsteadily from side to side.
wodge:A large piece or amount of something.
woe:Great sorrow or distress.
woebegone:Sad or miserable in appearance.
woeful:Characterized by, expressive of, or causing sorrow or misery.
woefully:In a manner expressing sorrow or misery.
woes:Great sorrow or distress (often used hyperbolically)
wok:A bowl-shaped frying pan used typically in Chinese cooking.
woke:Alert to injustice in society, especially racism.
woken:Emerge or cause to emerge from sleep; stop sleeping.
woks:A bowl-shaped frying pan used typically in Chinese cooking.
wold:(in Britain, often in place names) a piece of high, open, uncultivated land or moor.
wolds:(in Britain) a piece of high, open uncultivated land or moor.
wolf:Devour (food) greedily.
wolfed:Devour (food) greedily.
wolfish:Resembling or likened to a wolf, especially in being rapacious, voracious, or lascivious.
wolves:Devour (food) greedily.
woman:An adult female human being.
womanhood:The state or condition of being a woman.
womanise:(of a man) engage in numerous casual sexual affairs with women.
womanish:Suitable for or characteristic of a woman.
womankind:Women considered collectively.
womanly:Relating to or having the characteristics of a woman or women.
womb:The organ in the lower body of a woman or female mammal where offspring are conceived and in which they gestate before birth; the uterus.
wombat:A burrowing plant-eating Australian marsupial which resembles a small bear with short legs.
wombs:The organ in the lower body of a woman or female mammal where offspring are conceived and in which they gestate before birth; the uterus.
women:An adult female human being.
womenfolk:The women of a particular family or community considered collectively.
won:past and past participle of win
wonder:A feeling of surprise mingled with admiration, caused by something beautiful, unexpected, unfamiliar, or inexplicable.
wondered:Desire to know something; feel curious.
wonderful:Inspiring delight, pleasure, or admiration; extremely good; marvelous.
wonderfully:In a way that inspires delight or admiration; extremely well.
wondering:Characterized by or expressive of a desire to know something; curious.
wonderland:A land or place full of wonderful things.
wonderment:A state of awed admiration or respect.
wonders:Desire to know something; feel curious.
wondrous:Marvelously; wonderfully.
wont:Make or be or become accustomed.
woo:Seek the favor, support, or custom of.
wood:The hard fibrous material that forms the main substance of the trunk or branches of a tree or shrub, used for fuel or timber.
woodbine:Either of two climbing plants.
woodcock:A woodland bird of the sandpiper family, with a long bill, brown camouflaged plumage, and a distinctive display flight.
woodcut:A print of a type made from a design cut in a block of wood, formerly widely used for illustrations in books.
woodcutter:A person who cuts down trees or branches, especially for fuel.
wooded:(of an area of land) covered with woods or many trees.
wooden:Made of wood.
woodenly:Stiffly or awkwardly in movement or manner.
woodland:Land covered with trees.
woodlouse:A small terrestrial crustacean with a greyish segmented body and seven pairs of legs, living in damp habitats.
woodman:A person working in woodland, especially a forester or woodcutter.
woodpecker:A bird with a strong bill and a stiff tail, which climbs tree trunks to find insects and drums on dead wood to mark territory.
woodpeckers:A bird with a strong bill and a stiff tail, which climbs tree trunks to find insects and drums on dead wood to mark territory.
woodpile:A stack of wood stored for fuel.
woods:The hard fibrous material that forms the main substance of the trunk or branches of a tree or shrub, used for fuel or timber.
woodshed:A shed where wood for fuel is stored.
woodsman:A person living or working in the woods, especially a forester, hunter, or woodcutter.
woodwind:Wind instruments other than brass instruments forming a section of an orchestra, including flutes, oboes, clarinets, and bassoons.
woodwork:The wooden parts of a room or building, such as window frames or doors.
woodworking:The activity or skill of making things from wood.
woody:An erection of the penis.
wooed:Seek the favour, support, or custom of.
woof:The barking sound made by a dog.
woofer:A loudspeaker designed to reproduce low frequencies.
wooing:Seek the favour, support, or custom of.
wool:The fine, soft curly or wavy hair forming the coat of a sheep, goat, or similar animal, especially when shorn and prepared for use in making cloth or yarn.
woollen:An article of clothing made of wool.
woolly:A garment made of wool, especially a pullover.
wooly:A garment made of wool, especially a pullover.
woos:Seek the favour, support, or custom of.
word:Choose and use particular words in order to say or write (something)
worded:Express (something spoken or written) in particular words.
wording:The words used to express something; the way in which something is expressed.
wordless:Not speaking or involving speech.
wordlessly:Without the use of words or speech.
wordplay:The witty exploitation of the meanings and ambiguities of words, especially in puns.
words:Express (something spoken or written) in particular words.
wordsmith:A skilled user of words.
wordy:Using or expressed in too many words.
wore:past of wear
work:Activity involving mental or physical effort done in order to achieve a purpose or result.
workable:Able to be worked, fashioned, or manipulated.
workaday:Not special, unusual, or interesting in any way; ordinary.
workbench:A flat table or surface at which carpentry or other mechanical or practical work is done.
workbook:A student's book containing instruction and exercises relating to a particular subject.
workbooks:A student's book containing instruction and exercises relating to a particular subject.
workday:A day on which one works.
worked:Be engaged in physical or mental activity in order to achieve a result; do work.
worker:A person who does a specified type of work or who works in a specified way.
workers:A person who does a specified type of work or who works in a specified way.
workforce:The people engaged in or available for work, either in a country or area or in a particular company or industry.
workhorse:A horse used for work on a farm.
workhouse:(in the UK) a public institution in which the destitute of a parish received board and lodging in return for work.
working:The action of doing work.
workings:The action of doing work.
workless:Having no paid work; unemployed.
workload:The amount of work to be done by someone or something.
workloads:The amount of work to be done by someone or something.
workman:A man employed to do manual labor.
workmanship:The degree of skill with which a product is made or a job done.
workmate:A person with whom one works.
workmen:A man employed to do manual labour.
workout:A session of vigorous physical exercise or training.
workouts:A session of vigorous physical exercise or training.
workpeople:People in paid employment, especially in manual or industrial labour.
workpiece:An object being worked on with a tool or machine.
workplace:A place where people work, such as an office or factory.
workroom:A room for working in, especially one equipped for a particular kind of work.
works:Be engaged in physical or mental activity in order to achieve a result; do work.
worksheet:A paper listing questions or tasks for students.
worksheets:A paper listing questions or tasks for students.
workshop:Present a performance of (a dramatic work), using intensive group discussion and improvisation in order to explore aspects of the production before formal staging.
workshops:Present a performance of (a dramatic work), using intensive group discussion and improvisation in order to explore aspects of the production prior to formal staging.
workspace:Space in which to work.
workstation:A desktop computer terminal, typically networked and more powerful than a personal computer.
workstations:A desktop computer terminal, typically networked and more powerful than a personal computer.
worktop:A flat surface for working on, especially in a kitchen; a countertop.
worktops:A flat surface for working on, especially in a kitchen.
workweek:The total number of hours or days worked in a week.
world:The earth, together with all of its countries, peoples, and natural features.
worldliness:The quality of being experienced and sophisticated.
worldly:(of a person) experienced and sophisticated.
worlds:The earth, together with all of its countries and peoples.
worldwide:Throughout the world.
worm:Move with difficulty by crawling or wriggling.
wormhole:A hole made by a burrowing insect larva or worm in wood, fruit, books, or other materials.
worms:An industrial town in western Germany, on the Rhine River, northwest of Mannheim; population 82,200 (est. 2006). The Diet of Worms 1521 condemned Martin Luther's teaching.
wormy:(of organic tissue) infested with or eaten into by worms.
worn:past participle of wear
worried:Anxious or troubled about actual or potential problems.
worries:Feel or cause to feel anxious or troubled about actual or potential problems.
worrisome:Causing anxiety or concern.
worry:Give way to anxiety or unease; allow one's mind to dwell on difficulty or troubles.
worrying:Causing anxiety about actual or potential problems; alarming.
worryingly:In a way that causes anxiety about actual or potential problems.
worse:Less well or skilfully.
worsen:Make or become worse.
worsening:The process of becoming worse.
worser:More badly, wickedly, or reprehensibly; more severely or harshly; more imperfectly, carelessly, or incorrectly.
worship:Show reverence and adoration for (a deity); honor with religious rites.
worshipful:Feeling or showing reverence and adoration.
worshipped:Show reverence and adoration for (a deity)
worshipper:A person who shows reverence and adoration for a deity.
worshippers:A person who shows reverence and adoration for a deity.
worshipping:Show reverence and adoration for (a deity)
worst:Most severely or seriously.
worsted:A fine smooth yarn spun from combed long-staple wool.
worth:The value equivalent to that of someone or something under consideration; the level at which someone or something deserves to be valued or rated.
worthier:A person notable or important in a particular sphere.
worthiest:A person notable or important in a particular sphere.
worthiness:The quality of being good enough; suitability.
worthless:Having no real value or use.
worthwhile:Worth the time, money, or effort spent; of value or importance.
worthy:A person notable or important in a particular sphere.
would:past of will, in various senses
wound:Inflict an injury on (someone)
wounded:Inflicted with a wound; injured.
wounding:Causing physical injury.
wounds:Inflict a wound on.
wove:Form (fabric or a fabric item) by interlacing long threads passing in one direction with others at a right angle to them.
wow:Impress and excite (someone) greatly.
wowed:Impress and excite (someone) greatly.
wows:Impress and excite (someone) greatly.
wraith:A ghost or ghostlike image of someone, especially one seen shortly before or after their death.
wrangle:Have a long and complicated dispute.
wrangler:A person in charge of horses or other livestock on a ranch.
wrangling:Engagement in a long, complicated dispute or argument.
wrap:Cover or enclose (someone or something) in paper or soft material.
wraparound:A wraparound garment.
wrapped:past participle of wrap
wrapper:A piece of paper, plastic, or foil covering and protecting something sold.
wrappers:A piece of paper, plastic, or foil covering and protecting something sold or for sale.
wrapping:Paper or soft material used to cover or enclose something.
wrappings:Paper or soft material used to cover or enclose something.
wraps:Cover or enclose in paper or soft material.
wrasse:A marine fish with thick lips and strong teeth, typically brightly colored with marked differences between the male and female.
wrath:Extreme anger (chiefly used for humorous or rhetorical effect)
wrathful:Full of or characterized by intense anger.
wraths:Extreme anger.
wreak:Cause (a large amount of damage or harm)
wreaks:Cause (a large amount of damage or harm)
wreath:An arrangement of flowers, leaves, or stems fastened in a ring and used for decoration or for laying on a grave.
wreathe:Cover, surround, or encircle (something)
wreathed:Cover, surround, or encircle (something)
wreaths:An arrangement of flowers, leaves, or stems fastened in a ring and used for decoration or for laying on a grave.
wreck:Destroy or severely damage (a structure, vehicle, or similar)
wreckage:The remains of something that has been badly damaged or destroyed.
wrecked:Having been wrecked.
wrecker:A person or thing that wrecks, damages, or destroys something.
wrecking:The action of causing the destruction of a ship in order to steal the cargo.
wrecks:Destroy or severely damage (a structure, vehicle, or similar)
wren:A small short-winged songbird found chiefly in the New World.
wrench:Pull or twist (someone or something) suddenly and violently.
wrenches:Pull or twist suddenly and violently.
wrenching:Pull or twist suddenly and violently.
wrens:A small short-winged songbird found chiefly in the New World.
wrest:Forcibly pull (something) from a person's grasp.
wrested:Forcibly pull (something) from a person's grasp.
wresting:Forcibly pull (something) from a person's grasp.
wrestle:Take part in a fight, either as sport or in earnest, that involves grappling with one's opponent and trying to throw or force them to the ground.
wrestled:Take part in a fight, either as sport or in earnest, that involves grappling with one's opponent and trying to throw or force them to the ground.
wrestler:A person who takes part in wrestling, especially for sport.
wrestles:Take part in a fight, either as sport or in earnest, that involves grappling with one's opponent and trying to throw or force them to the ground.
wrestling:The sport or activity of grappling with an opponent and trying to throw or hold them down on the ground, typically according to a code of rules.
wretch:An unfortunate or unhappy person.
wretched:(of a person) in a very unhappy or unfortunate state.
wretches:An unfortunate or unhappy person.
wriggle:Twist and turn with quick writhing movements.
wriggled:Twist and turn with quick writhing movements.
wriggles:Twist and turn with quick writhing movements.
wriggling:Twist and turn with quick writhing movements.
wright:A maker or builder.
wring:Squeeze and twist (something) to force liquid from it.
wringer:A device for wringing water from wet clothes, mops, or other objects.
wringing:Extremely wet; soaked.
wrinkle:Make or cause lines or folds in (something, especially fabric or the skin)
wrinkled:(especially of fabric or the skin) having wrinkles or slight folds.
wrinkles:Make or cause lines or folds in (something, especially fabric or the skin)
wrinkling:Make or cause lines or folds in (something, especially fabric or the skin)
wrinkly:Having many lines or folds.
wrist:The joint connecting the hand with the forearm.
wristband:A strip of material worn around the wrist, especially for identification or as an accessory.
wristbands:A strip of material worn around the wrist, especially for identification or as an accessory.
wrists:The joint connecting the hand with the forearm.
wristwatch:A watch worn on a strap around the wrist.
writ:A form of written command in the name of a court or other legal authority to act, or abstain from acting, in some way.
write:Mark (letters, words, or other symbols) on a surface, typically paper, with a pen, pencil, or similar implement.
writer:A person who has written a particular text.
writers:A person who has written something or who writes in a particular way.
writes:Mark (letters, words, or other symbols) on a surface, typically paper, with a pen, pencil, or similar implement.
writhe:Make continual twisting, squirming movements or contortions of the body.
writhed:Make twisting, squirming movements or contortions of the body.
writhes:Make twisting, squirming movements or contortions of the body.
writhing:Making twisting, squirming movements or contortions of the body.
writing:The activity or skill of marking coherent words on paper and composing text.
writs:A form of written command in the name of a court or other legal authority to act, or abstain from acting, in a particular way.
written:Mark (letters, words, or other symbols) on a surface, typically paper, with a pen, pencil, or similar implement.
wrong:An unjust, dishonest, or immoral action.
wrongdoer:A person who behaves illegally or dishonestly; an offender.
wrongdoers:A person who behaves illegally or dishonestly; an offender.
wrongdoing:Illegal or dishonest behavior.
wrongdoings:Illegal or dishonest behaviour.
wronged:Act unjustly or dishonestly towards.
wrongful:(of an act) not fair, just, or legal.
wrongfully:In an unfair, unjust, or illegal manner.
wronging:Act unjustly or dishonestly towards.
wrongly:In a way that is incorrect or mistaken.
wrongs:Act unjustly or dishonestly towards.
wrote:Mark (letters, words, or other symbols) on a surface, typically paper, with a pen, pencil, or similar implement.
wrought:(of metals) beaten out or shaped by hammering.
wrung:Squeeze and twist (something) to force liquid from it.
wry:Using or expressing dry, especially mocking, humor.
wryly:In a way that expresses dry, especially mocking, humor.
wunderkind:A person who achieves great success when relatively young.
xenon:The chemical element of atomic number 54, a member of the noble gas series. It is obtained by distillation of liquid air, and is used in some specialized electric lamps.
xenophobe:A person having a dislike of or prejudice against people from other countries.
xenophobia:Dislike of or prejudice against people from other countries.
xenophobic:Having or showing a dislike of or prejudice against people from other countries.
xerography:A dry copying process in which black or colored powder adheres to parts of a surface remaining electrically charged after being exposed to light from an image of the document to be copied.
xhosa:A member of a South African people traditionally living in the Eastern Cape Province. They form the second largest ethnic group in South Africa after the Zulus.
xhosas:A member of a South African people traditionally living in the province of Eastern Cape. They form the second largest ethnic group in South Africa after the Zulus.
xylophone:A musical instrument played by striking a row of wooden bars of graduated length with one or more small wooden or plastic mallets.
yacht:A medium-sized sailboat equipped for cruising or racing.
yachting:The sport or pastime of racing or sailing in yachts.
yachts:Race or cruise in a yacht.
yachtsman:A man who sails yachts.
yachtsmen:A person who sails yachts.
yak:A large domesticated wild ox with shaggy hair, humped shoulders, and large horns, used in Tibet as a pack animal and for its milk, meat, and hide.
yaks:A large domesticated wild ox with shaggy hair, humped shoulders, and large horns, used in Tibet as a pack animal and for its milk, meat, and hide.
yale:A type of lock with a latch bolt and a flat key with a serrated edge.
yam:The edible starchy tuber of a climbing plant that is widely grown in tropical and subtropical countries.
yams:The edible starchy tuber of a climbing plant that is widely grown in tropical and subtropical countries.
yank:Pull with a jerk.
yankee:A person who lives in, or is from, the US.
yankees:An American.
yanks:Pull with a jerk.
yap:Give a sharp, shrill bark.
yapping:Give a sharp, shrill bark.
yaps:Give a sharp, shrill bark.
yard:A unit of linear measure equal to 3 feet (0.9144 meter)A great length of something.A square or cubic yard, especially of sand or other building materials.A cloth measure, of three feet in length and varying widths.
yardage:A distance or length measured in yards.
yards:A unit of linear measure equal to 3 feet (0.9144 metre)A great length of something.A square or cubic yard, especially of sand or other building materials.
yardstick:A measuring rod a yard long, typically divided into inches.
yardsticks:A measuring rod a yard long, typically divided into inches.
yarn:Spun thread used for knitting, weaving, or sewing.
yarns:Tell a long or implausible story.
yaw:(of a moving ship or aircraft) twist or oscillate about a vertical axis.
yawed:(of a moving ship or aircraft) twist or oscillate about a vertical axis.
yawl:A two-masted fore-and-aft-rigged sailboat with the mizzenmast stepped far aft so that the mizzen boom overhangs the stern.
yawls:A two-masted fore-and-aft-rigged sailing boat with the mizzenmast stepped far aft so that the mizzen boom overhangs the stern.
yawn:Involuntarily open one's mouth wide and inhale deeply due to tiredness or boredom.
yawned:Involuntarily open one's mouth wide and inhale deeply due to tiredness or boredom.
yawning:The reflex action of opening the mouth wide and inhaling deeply due to tiredness or boredom.
yawns:Involuntarily open one's mouth wide and inhale deeply due to tiredness or boredom.
yaws:A contagious disease of tropical countries, caused by a bacterium that enters skin abrasions and gives rise to small crusted lesions which may develop into deep ulcers.
yea:Yes.
yeaned:(of a sheep or goat) give birth to (a lamb or kid)
year:The time taken by the earth to make one revolution around the sun.
yearbook:An annual publication giving current information and listing events or aspects of the previous year, especially in a particular field.
yearbooks:An annual publication giving current information and listing events or aspects of the previous year, especially in a particular field.
yearling:An animal (especially a sheep, calf, or foal) that is a year old or that is in its second year.
yearlings:An animal (especially a sheep, calf, or foal) that is a year old or that is in its second year.
yearlong:Lasting for or throughout a year.
yearly:Once a year or every year.
yearn:Have an intense feeling of longing for something, typically something that one has lost or been separated from.
yearned:Have an intense feeling of longing for something, typically something that one has lost or been separated from.
yearning:A feeling of intense longing for something.
yearnings:A feeling of intense longing for something.
yearns:Have an intense feeling of longing for something, typically something that one has lost or been separated from.
years:The time taken by the earth to make one revolution around the sun.
yeas:Yes.
yeast:A microscopic fungus consisting of single oval cells that reproduce by budding, and are capable of converting sugar into alcohol and carbon dioxide.
yeasty:Of, resembling, or containing yeast.
yell:A loud, sharp cry, especially of pain, surprise, or delight; a shout.
yelled:Shout in a loud, sharp way.
yelling:Shout in a loud, sharp way.
yellow:Yellow color or pigment.
yellowed:Having become yellow, especially with age.
yellower:Become yellow, especially with age.
yellowing:The process of turning yellow, especially through age or illness.
yellowish:Having a yellow tinge; slightly yellow.
yellows:Become yellow, especially with age.
yells:Shout in a loud, sharp way.
yelp:A short, sharp cry, especially of pain or alarm.
yelped:Utter a yelp.
yelping:Utter a yelp.
yelps:Utter a yelp.
yemen:A country in the south and southwest of the Arabian peninsula; population 26,800,000 (estimated 2015); official language, Arabic; capital, Sana'a. Official name Yemen Republic.
yen:The basic monetary unit of Japan.
yens:The basic monetary unit of Japan.
yeoman:A man holding and cultivating a small landed estate; a freeholder.
yeomanry:A group of men who held and cultivated small landed estates.
yeomen:A man holding and cultivating a small landed estate; a freeholder.
yep:nonstandard spelling of yes, representing a pronunciation
yes:An affirmative answer or decision, especially in voting.
yesterday:On the day before today.
yesterdays:On the day before today.
yesteryear:Last year or the recent past, especially as nostalgically recalled.
yet:Up until the present or a specified or implied time; by now or then.
yeti:A large hairy creature resembling a human or bear, said to live in the highest part of the Himalayas.
yetis:A large hairy creature resembling a human or bear, said to live in the highest part of the Himalayas.
yew:A coniferous tree which has red berrylike fruits, and most parts of which are highly poisonous. Yews are linked with folklore and superstition and can live to a great age; the timber is used in cabinetmaking and (formerly) to make longbows.
yews:A coniferous tree which has red berrylike fruits, and most parts of which are highly poisonous. Yews are linked with folklore and superstition and can live to a great age; the timber is used in cabinetmaking and (formerly) to make longbows.
yield:Produce or provide (a natural, agricultural, or industrial product)
yielded:Produce or provide (a natural, agricultural, or industrial product)
yielding:(of a substance or object) giving way under pressure; not hard or rigid.
yields:Produce or provide (a natural, agricultural, or industrial product)
yip:A short, sharp cry or yelp, especially of excitement or delight.
yippee:Expressing wild excitement or delight.
yodel:Practice a form of singing or calling marked by rapid alternation between the normal voice and falsetto.
yodelled:Practise a form of singing or calling marked by rapid alternation between the normal voice and falsetto.
yodelling:Practise a form of singing or calling marked by rapid alternation between the normal voice and falsetto.
yodels:Practise a form of singing or calling marked by rapid alternation between the normal voice and falsetto.
yoga:A Hindu spiritual and ascetic discipline, a part of which, including breath control, simple meditation, and the adoption of specific bodily postures, is widely practiced for health and relaxation.
yogi:A person who is proficient in yoga.
yoke:A wooden crosspiece that is fastened over the necks of two animals and attached to the plow or cart that they are to pull.
yoked:Put a yoke on (a pair of animals); couple or attach with or to a yoke.
yokel:An uneducated and unsophisticated person from the countryside.
yokels:An uneducated and unsophisticated person from the countryside.
yokes:Put a yoke on (a pair of animals); couple or attach with or to a yoke.
yolk:The yellow internal part of a bird's egg, which is surrounded by the white, is rich in protein and fat, and nourishes the developing embryo.
yolks:The yellow internal part of a bird's egg, which is surrounded by the white, is rich in protein and fat, and nourishes the developing embryo.
yon:That or those (used to refer to something situated at a distance)
yonder:At some distance in the direction indicated; over there.
york:A city in northern England, on the Ouse River; population 136,900 (est. 2009).
yorker:A ball bowled so that it pitches immediately under the bat.
yorkers:A ball bowled so that it pitches immediately under the bat.
you:Used to refer to the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
young:Offspring, especially of an animal before or soon after birth.
younger:Offspring, especially of an animal before or soon after birth.
youngest:Offspring, especially of an animal before or soon after birth.
youngster:A child, young person, or young animal.
youngsters:A child, young person, or young animal.
your:Belonging to or associated with the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
yours:Used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
yourself:Used to refer to the person being addressed as the object of a verb or preposition when they are also the subject of the clause.
yourselves:Used to refer to the person being addressed as the object of a verb or preposition when they are also the subject of the clause.
youth:The period between childhood and adult age.
youthful:Young or seeming young.
youthfulness:The fact of being young.
youths:The period between childhood and adult age.
yowl:A loud wailing cry, especially one of pain or distress.
yrs:Years.
yttrium:The chemical element of atomic number 39, a grayish-white metal generally included among the rare earth elements.
yuck:Something messy or disgusting.
yukon:A river in northwestern North America that rises in Yukon Territory in northwestern Canada and flows west for 1,870 miles (3,020 km) through central Alaska to the Bering Sea.
yummiest:Delicious food.
yummy:Delicious food.
yuppie:A young person with a well-paid job and a fashionable lifestyle.
yuppies:A fashionable young middle-class person with a well-paid job.
zag:A sharp change of direction in a zigzag course.
zaire:The former basic monetary unit of Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of Congo), equal to 100 makuta.
zambezi:A river in East Africa that rises in northwestern Zambia and flows for 1,600 miles (2,560 km), first south and then east, through Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo (formerly Zaire) to Victoria Falls where it turns to form the border between Zambia and Zimbabwe before crossing Mozambique and entering the Indian Ocean.
zambia:A landlocked country in central Africa, divided from Zimbabwe by the Zambezi River; population 16,200,000 (estimated 2015); languages, English (official), various Bantu languages; capital, Lusaka.
zambian:A native or inhabitant of Zambia, or a person of Zambian descent.
zambians:A native or inhabitant of Zambia, or a person of Zambian descent.
zaniest:A zany person.
zany:An erratic or eccentric person.
zanzibar:An island off the coast of East Africa, part of Tanzania; population 1,207,500 (2009, with Pemba). In 1964, it became a republic and united with Tanganyika to form Tanzania.
zap:Destroy or obliterate.
zapping:Destroy or obliterate.
zappy:Lively; energetic.
zaps:Destroy or obliterate.
zeal:Great energy or enthusiasm in pursuit of a cause or an objective.
zealot:A person who is fanatical and uncompromising in pursuit of their religious, political, or other ideals.
zealotry:Fanatical and uncompromising pursuit of religious, political, or other ideals; fanaticism.
zealots:A person who is fanatical and uncompromising in pursuit of their religious, political, or other ideals.
zealous:Having or showing zeal.
zealously:With great energy or enthusiasm in pursuit of a cause or objective.
zebra:An African wild horse with black-and-white stripes and an erect mane.
zebras:An African wild horse with black-and-white stripes and an erect mane.
zees:The letter Z.
zenith:The time at which something is most powerful or successful.
zeniths:The time at which something is most powerful or successful.
zeolite:Any of a large group of minerals consisting of hydrated aluminosilicates of sodium, potassium, calcium, and barium. They can be readily dehydrated and rehydrated, and are used as cation exchangers and molecular sieves.
zeolites:Any of a large group of minerals consisting of hydrated aluminosilicates of sodium, potassium, calcium, and barium. They can be readily dehydrated and rehydrated, and are used as cation exchangers and molecular sieves.
zephyr:A soft gentle breeze.
zephyrs:A soft gentle breeze.
zeppelin:A large German dirigible airship of the early 20th century, long and cylindrical in shape and with a rigid framework. Zeppelins were used during World War I for reconnaissance and bombing, and after the war as passenger transports until the 1930s.
zero:Adjust (an instrument) to zero.
zeroed:Adjust (an instrument) to zero.
zeroing:Adjust (an instrument) to zero.
zest:Scrape off the outer colored part of the peel of (a piece of citrus fruit) for use as flavoring.
zeta:The sixth letter of the Greek alphabet (Ζ, ζ), transliterated as ‘z.’.
zeus:The supreme god, the son of Cronus (whom he dethroned) and Rhea, and brother and husband of Hera. Zeus was the protector and ruler of humankind, the dispenser of good and evil, and the god of atmospheric phenomena.
zig:A sharp change of direction in a zigzag course.
zigzag:A line or course having abrupt alternate right and left turns.
zigzagged:Marked with or in the form of a zigzag.
zigzagging:Have or move along in a zigzag course.
zigzags:Have or move along in a zigzag course.
zillion:An extremely large number of people or things.
zillions:An extremely large number of people or things.
zimbabwe:A landlocked country in southeastern Africa, divided from Zambia by the Zambezi River; population 15,600,000 (estimated 2015); languages, English (official), Shona, Ndebele, and others; capital, Harare.
zinc:Coat (iron) with zinc or a zinc compound to prevent rust.
zion:The hill of Jerusalem on which the city of David was built.
zionism:A movement for (originally) the re-establishment and (now) the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel. It was established as a political organization in 1897 under Theodor Herzl, and was later led by Chaim Weizmann.
zionist:A supporter of Zionism; a person who believes in the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel.
zionists:A supporter of Zionism; a person who believes in the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel.
zip:Fasten with a zipper.
zipped:Fasten with a zip.
zipper:Fasten or provide (something) with a zipper.
zippers:Fasten or provide with a zipper.
zipping:Fasten with a zip.
zippy:Bright, fresh, or lively.
zips:Fasten with a zip.
zither:A musical instrument consisting of a flat wooden sound box with numerous strings stretched across it, placed horizontally and played with the fingers and a plectrum. It is used especially in central European folk music.
zithers:A musical instrument consisting of a flat wooden soundbox with numerous strings stretched across it, placed horizontally and played with the fingers and a plectrum. It is used especially in central European folk music.
zombie:A corpse said to be revived by witchcraft, especially in certain African and Caribbean religions.
zombies:A corpse said to be revived by witchcraft, especially in certain African and Caribbean religions.
zonal:Characterized by or relating to a zone or zones.
zonation:Distribution in zones or regions of definite character.
zone:Divide into or assign to zones.
zoned:Divided into zones, in particular (of land) designated for a particular type of use or development.
zones:Divide into or assign to zones.
zoning:The classification of land according to restrictions placed on its use and development.
zoo:An establishment which maintains a collection of wild animals, typically in a park or gardens, for study, conservation, or display to the public.
zookeepers:An animal attendant employed in a zoo.
zoological:Relating to zoology.
zoologist:An expert in or student of the behavior, physiology, classification, and distribution of animals.
zoologists:An expert in or student of the behaviour, physiology, classification, and distribution of animals.
zoology:The scientific study of the behavior, structure, physiology, classification, and distribution of animals.
zoom:Move or travel very quickly.
zoomed:Move or travel very quickly.
zooming:Move or travel very quickly.
zooms:Move or travel very quickly.
zooplankton:Plankton consisting of small animals and the immature stages of larger animals.
zoos:An establishment which maintains a collection of wild animals, typically in a park or gardens, for study, conservation, or display to the public.
zulu:A member of a South African people traditionally living mainly in KwaZulu-Natal province. The Zulus formed a powerful military empire in southern Africa during the 19th century before being defeated in a series of engagements with Afrikaner and British settlers.
zulus:A member of a South African people traditionally living mainly in KwaZulu-Natal province. The Zulus formed a powerful military empire in southern Africa during the 19th century before being defeated in a series of engagements with Afrikaner and British settlers.
